Adhinayakudu

Harischandra Prasad (Nandamuri Balakrishna) is an influential leader in Rayalaseema and he treats all his people as his children. To provide jobs to them, he decides to build a huge steel plant with the assistance of foreign collaborators. But Ramappa (Pradeep Rawat) and his assistant (Kota Srinivasa Rao) oppose this. They hatch a plan to eliminate him. His son Ramakrishna (Nandamuri Balakrishna) thwart the villain's plans. But the story takes a cruel twist as the villains strike at the heart of the family by using Bobby (Nandamuri Balakrishna). When Bobby was a small Kid the villains kidnap him and threaten Ramakrishna to leave his father and save Bobby. Although Harischandra Prasad has no love on Ramakrishna, he loved his father and for fulfilling his father's wishes he stands to protect and Bobby is said to be escaped from the house. But Ramappa and his followers make Bobby a professional killer at the age of 12 by another killer (Charanraj) and use him to kill Harischandra Prasad. The whole family except Ramakrishna and his step-brother (Rahman) is unaware that Bobby killed Harischandra Prasad.
Now Bobby is an adult and is a high-profile professional killer and returns to his land with the help of his newly found friend Deepu (Lakshmi Rai) who share mutual love interest. His mission, in short, is to protect his father from Ramappa. In this process it is revealed to the family members of Harischandra Prasad and the people that Bobby killed Harischandra Prasad and Moreover, the antagonists frame Ramakrishna as the man behind the Death of Harischandra. Frustrated and deeply hurt by this, Ramakrishna's Step Mother (Jayasudha) and wife (Sukanya) and the people expel the both and police arrest them and take them away for a secret encounter by Ramappa. Seeing this all, Ramakrishna's stepbrother, who was paralyzed earlier in attempt to catch Bobby during the murder of Harischandra, springs back to life and reveals the whole truth to his family and the people. Meanwhile, Ramkrishna and Bobby team up and kill all the enemies together. Later Ramakrishna's stepmother apologizes for the ill-treatment by her and orders him to fulfill his dead father's wishes.