Seedan

Mahalakshmi (Ananya) is a servant at the residence of the elderly Amritavalli (Sheela). Everyone is really fond of her and treat her as one of the family, not a servant. However, she finds herself doing all the work in the house. She is also a great devotee of the magnificent lord Murugan. Residing in Pazhani, she is unable to attend the temple. In a dream she finds herself at her wedding with an unknown man. The next day that man comes to the house. He is none other than Amritavalli's own grandson Mano (Unni Mukundan). He falls head over heels in love with Maha. Maha, though hesitant at first, finds herself in love with him as well.
Mano constantly assures her that his mother will arrange marriage. However, as fate has it, Mano is afraid to admit to his mother Thangam (Suhasini Maniratnam) that he is in love. This encourages Thangam to fix his marriage with her childhood friend's daughter. However, when Thangam comes to know of the love affair, she is helpless and all she is able to do is encourage the lovebirds to forget each other. Soon everyone (except Amritavalli, Thangam and Mano) treat Maha in a rude way as a servant, not a family member. Maha, angry, claims to Lord Murugan that she will not face ever again.
Enters Saravanan (Dhanush). Saravanan enters as the cook appointed by Madhava Gounder (Ilavarasu). Everyone finds his cooking awesome. However, Maha disapproves as cooking was her only peaceful hobby in the house after she fell in Love. Saravanan is told to stay in the guest house where Gumbidiswamy (Vivek) is staying. Gumbidiswamy is a fraud and is now trying to pass as a presit in strong believe of god. For this reason he has stayed at their house. It did not take Saravanan long to realize that Gumbidiswamy is a fraud and he used this to blackmail him. Having this control over Gumbidiswamy, Saravanan tells him to tell everyone that according to background and religious research, Mano and his fiancee are not suitable for each other. After doing many things such as this, Saravanan is able to get Maha and Mano together. Thangam and Amritavalli agree to let Mano marry Maha. Maha and Mano (on the day of their wedding) search for Saravanan to thank him for his help. Instead of Saravanan, another person comes and says he is the only Saravanan around the area. Disappointed, Maha goes to Murugan's Altar to pray and there she sees Saravanan. He soon fades away. At that point, Maha understood that Saravanan was Murugan in human form - in the Hindu religion it is believed that god may come down to earth in a human form to help those in need.