Leafie, A Hen Into The Wild

Leafie (잎싹, leaf (잎) + sprout (싹)) lives on a chicken farm with many other egg-laying hens that are in battery cages. She dreams of being a mother, however she can't incubate her own eggs. Dreaming of having her own young, she devises an escape plan; she faints, causing the farmer to think her dead and take her from the cage to dump with other dead hens. After the farmer leaves, Leafie escapes only to be confronted and threatened by a one-eyed weasel known as One-Eye (애꾸눈 "Aeggunun"). Her life is saved through the intervention of Wanderer (a mallard duck, 나그네 "Nagnae") who helps her to escape but then leaves without a word.
Leafie returns to the Farm to join the group of farm animals who reside outside the egg farm in the yard, but the barnyard rooster argues with Leafie and refuses to allow her into his flock, insisting that her place is to simply spend her life laying eggs.
With nowhere else to go, Leafie leaves the Farm and arrives in the wild, where she meets Mr. Otter (달수 "Dalsu"), who has heard about Leafie and helps her find a place to live on Wanderer's behalf. The now wild hen meets Wanderer again, and discovers he has a mate. However, that very night, One-Eye attacks and Wanderer's mate tragically dies.
After hearing the commotion, Leafie enters the nest and finds a single egg. Wanderer accepts Leafie's intended care of the egg for a few days, meaning to exact revenge on One-Eye and ensure their protection. Wanderer instructs Leafie to take his unborn child to the everglades, telling her she will understand why in time. That night One-Eye returns, and Wanderer engages her in a fight to the death. Leafie witnesses the battle and Wanderer is killed by One-Eye, leaving Leafie upset.
After Wanderer's death, the egg hatches into a baby duckling who thinks Leafie his mother. Leafie names him "Chorok head" or "Greenie" (초록머리, 초록 in the movie), and together they head to the glade where Wanderer asked.
Leafie becomes Greenie's mother, and watches him grow up. Mr. Otter teaches Greenie to swim, and later enlists the help from a local bat and an owl to help a then-teenaged Greenie learn how to fly. One day, however, Greenie tries befriending some mandarin ducks who he meets, but they make fun of Leafie, who they think is crazy. Meanwhile, Leafie is saddened to learn the local water birds don't like or accept her in their community. She then meets up with Greenie, who has been teased by the other ducks and blames Leafie for him being an outcast. After discovering that they are indeed both different, Greenie leaves Leafie, feeling that he doesn't need her anymore.
Hearing about this, Mr. Otter attempts to comfort her by telling her about Wanderer - him having been the guard duck of his flock and of how he crippled his wing while fighting One-Eye, who lost one of her eyes in the struggle, and of how Wanderer was subsequently imprisoned by the farmer although only temporarily. Greenie then endures his own struggle with the Farm; after coming across it he is captured by the Farmer and only saved thanks to the interventions of Chirpie, a friend of Leafie's, who warns Leafie about what's happened.
To distract the farmer, Leafie, with the help of Mr. Otter, releases all of the hens from the chicken farm and she reunites with Greenie when Mr. Otter frees him by biting off the string that held him down. Rooster confronts Leafie before she could escape with Mr. Otter and Greenie, and in a short scuffle, all of the animals discover Rooster's comb is fake and forces him to work for them. Leafie escapes the farm with Greenie and Mr. Otter, and both Leafie and Greenie reconcile after Mr. Otter departs. The two are suddenly confronted by One-Eye, who then hunts down Greenie to eat him. Despite Leafie's intervention, the weasel managed to pin Greenie down on an old tree, which breaks off and sends the two plummeting over a cliff. Believing Greenie to be dead, Leafie mourns, but Greenie escaped certain death by successfully learning how to fly while One-Eye managed to save herself by grabbing hold of a ledge on the cliff.
A flock of ducks soon come during the autumn season, and Leafie realized what Wanderer meant when he instructed her to take his egg to the everglades. An adult Greenie goes to meet the flock and learns about an upcoming contest to decide who will be the new guard duck of the flock. The ducks flee from Greenie after seeing the human string that was still wrapped around his leg from his past encounter with the farmer. Leafie gives Greenie her support and reassures him to participate in the contest after taking a portion of the human string from his leg just in time. Greenie returns to the flock and announced that he wants to be in the contest as well, quickly forming a rivalry with another duck named Red Head.
During the race, Greenie recalls the words of his mentors, and successfully wins the contest, becoming the new guard duck of the flock. After the competition, Leafie finds a nest of baby weasels which she begins to take care of. While Rooster is finding a home with Mr. Otter after escaping from the farm, Greenie tries to find Leafie to say his goodbyes but comes across One-Eye once again and saves a female duck from the hungry carnivore. Their brief scuffle lands them in front of Leafie and the nest of baby weasels, and One-Eye pins down Greenie, preparing to kill him. Leafie attempts to help Greenie, but One-Eye threatens her to not come near. During the confrontation, the baby weasels Leafie had been caring for were revealed to be One-Eye's offspring. This makes Leafie realize that the weasel who killed Wanderer and his mate, is now killing to provide food for her kits. After agreeing to not harm the weasel kits in exchange for letting Greenie go, Leafie and Greenie were allowed to escape. Before they leave, Leafie sees how One-Eye, who is malnourished due to the rough winter season, is unable to produce milk to feed her kits.
The flock of ducks prepare to leave the everglades, and Leafie and Greenie say their heartfelt goodbyes to one another before Greenie departs with his flock, now able to set out and see the world. Soon afterwards, One-Eye comes. Leafie, feeling that she's done everything she can for Greenie and knowing that One-Eye is still unable to produce milk from malnutrition, allows herself to be killed and eaten, so that the baby weasels will not starve, despite One-Eye regretting it.