Hot Fuzz

Police Constable Nicholas Angel, an over-achieving officer of the London Metropolitan Police Service, is promoted to Sergeant and transferred by his jealous colleagues and superiors to the village of Sandford, Gloucestershire. Sandford is a crime-free idyll, a regular winner of ‘Village of the Year’ award and is watched over by the Neighbourhood Watch Alliance (NWA). Angel is frustrated to find the local police service lazy and complacent while his new partner, Police Constable Danny Butterman, is the son of Inspector Frank Butterman, Angel's new superior. Danny adores action and buddy cop films. Angel also meets Simon Skinner, the manager of the local Somerfield supermarket.
After attending a local performance of Romeo and Juliet, Angel suspects foul play when the leads - solicitor Martin Blower and his mistress Eve Draper - are found dead in Blower's car the next morning. The other officers pass off the deaths as an accident. Angel is later sent to resolve a neighborhood dispute over a bush caused by farmer Arthur Webley, confiscating the farmer's stash of unlicensed firearms in the process. Angel locks both the guns and an old naval mine in the police station's evidence room. In the village pub, Angel and Danny help George Merchant, a self-made wealthy drunkard and land developer to his home. Afterwards, Angel slowly warms to Danny and they watch action movies at Danny's home. The following morning, they learn that Merchant was killed in a gas explosion that destroyed his mansion.
With his suspicions dismissed by the other officers, Angel begins to suspect that the killings are connected to a recent property deal after witnessing the death of Sandford Citizen editor Tim Messenger, who claimed to have information regarding Merchant. Angel's suspicions are confirmed when he witnesses Leslie Tiller, the village florist and NWA member who is moving away while selling her property to Merchant's business partners, being murdered by a black cloaked figure who manages to elude him in the ensuing chase. Angel persuades Frank of the murders while accusing Skinner, only for him to provide alibis for the murders by way of the store's security surveillance footage. By sheer accident, Angel theorizes that there are multiple killers, but Frank dismisses the idea and advises Angel to get some rest.
Angel returns to his hotel room, where he is attacked by Skinner's trolley boy, Michael "Lurch" Armstrong, a supposed inbred giant who only communicates by saying "yarp" and "narp" (meaning yes and no, respectively). Angel knocks him out and learns of a secret NWA meeting at Sandford Castle. Angel is astonished when he learns that the NWA had murdered Blower, Draper, Merchant, and Messenger for being petty threats to Sandford's chances of winning the ‘Village of the Year’ award, having also killed Tiller for being set on leaving. Frank reveals himself to be the mastermind behind the murders, having vowed to make Sandford the best village to honor his wife, who committed suicide when they lost the first ‘Village of the Year’ because of travelers. Outnumbered, Angel flees and falls into the castle’s catacombs where he finds the bodies of the NWA's previous victims before being stabbed by Danny, who fakes Angel's death to save his life. Pretending to dispose of the body, Danny drives to the village limits and urges Angel to leave for his own safety.
At a petrol station on the way to London, Angel is inspired to return to Sandford after seeing a stand holding some of Danny's action films. Angel sneaks back into Sandford and arms himself with the confiscated guns before engaging in a shootout with the NWA alongside Danny. When Frank sends the other officers to arrest them, Angel and Danny convince them that Frank is the culprit behind the murders. Frank flees and the officers besiege Somerfield, with Skinner fleeing in a police car with Frank. After the subsequent car chase, Angel fights Skinner at a model village of Sandford, which ends with Skinner being impaled on the miniature village church while Frank crashes his car whilst trying to escape. Angel's former superiors beg him to return to London, as the crime rate has risen heavily in his absence, but Angel decides to remain in Sandford to help the officers with the paperwork concerning the arrests of Frank and the NWA. However Tom Weaver, the last NWA member, bursts into the police station and shoots Angel with a blunderbuss. Danny jumps in front of the shot and in the resulting struggle, Weaver accidentally falls on the confiscated naval mine, killing himself and destroying the station. Angel then finds Danny in the wreckage and tries to revive him.
One year later, Angel brings flowers to a grave marked Butterman, but it is revealed that the grave is for Danny’s mother, with Danny himself having survived. Angel and Danny (as Inspector and Sergeant) then go off to patrol Sandford.