Guna

Guna (Kamal Haasan) is a mentally affected person and receives treatment in a mental hospital in Hyderabad. He does not like his father and his mother (S. Varalakshmi) is a moll in the house that they live. He assumes a fictitious character named Abirami (also, the name of an Indian goddess) and registers in his mind that she is an angel who is going to marry him on a "full-moon day". After coming out of the asylum, he believes the story to be true and believes that his Abirami is somewhere around.
A bunch of hooligans led by Guna's uncle (Janakaraj) trick the mentally unstable Guna into robbing a temple of Abirami, an Indian goddess. He happens to see a rich girl (Roshini) in there, right after Janakaraj tells him that "Abirami will come". He decides that she is the one, and in the confusion following the robbery, he takes her with him to a lonely, damaged house situated at the top of a hill in Kodaikanal. Police start investigation regarding the robbery and missing of Roshini. Initially, Roshini hates him for his weird nature and for holding her captive. Guna comes to know that her parents were killed in an accident and was brought up under a guardian. At one point, she breaks the chains Guna ties her up with and sets out to escape. Here, guardian of Roshini, SK (Sharat Saxena) arrives with the help of Guna's uncle and the local goon. SK attempts to kill her to swindle her wealth, but Guna saves her by killing the local goon set by SK.
There after to get away from all these people Guna takes her to a perilous cave in a remote area, where she is moved by his deep love and is attracted to him. Sequentially, police predict that Guna is a culprit and starts to search for him. She understands Guna's innocent love and accepts his marriage proposal. She convinces him and marries him before the "full-moon day", but contracts a fever in addition to a broken leg caused by SK. Guna goes out to bring a doctor, who recognizes him and calls the police.
Meanwhile, the CBI officer investigating Roshini's kidnapping also reaches the scene with Guna's family. In the end Roshini is shot by SK to hide his crimes, and is killed by Guna in revenge. Roshini passes away before she can inform the police about the truth. In his grief, Guna jumps off the cliff with her while proclaiming his eternal love for her through the famous dialogue "This is not human love, to be understood by humans. It is something far more pristine". Movie ends with a shot of the full-moon conveying that they were killed on a "full-moon day".