Paisa Vasool

Bob Marley (Vikramjeet Virk)27, a Mafia don operating from Portugal controls Hyderabad remotely using his agents. Unable to bear the atrocities of Bob Marley, India's premier intelligence agency RAW Chief (Kabir Bedi) 68 looks for a self-proclaimed criminal through a local IPS Officer ACP Kiranmayi (Kyra Dutt)22, she finds a deadly gangster Theda Singh (Nandamuri Balakrishna) 32 who's just been released from Tihar Jail and he is recruited.
Meanwhile, Singh joins as a neighbor of a beautiful girl Harika (Musskan Sethi) 26 who is in search of her missing sister Sarika (Shriya Saran)29, in Portugal. Due to Harika files a complaint with authorities she has left threat from Bob Marley's gangsters. Theda Singh always protects her from them, so she starts falling for him. Suddenly, the RAW authorities are in for a shock when they realize that Theda Singh is not what he appears to be, he has recently landed from Portugal. Harika also comes to know that Sarika was murdered in Portugal and the killer is non-other than Theda Singh.
Indian Police Authority arrests Theda Singh, in the interrogation, he reveals the flashback. Theda Singh, a cab driver in Portugal, who is no less than a rogue who participates in petty smuggling activities. He once meets Sarika as a passenger, who is a journalist and has been doing a sting operation on Bob Marley. Both of them fell in love. Bob Marley comes to know regarding Sarika's operation which divulges secrets of so many Indian politicians & professionals. So, they try to kill her, Theda Singh arrives on time where real suspense is revealed that Theda Singh is a true RAW officer Balakrishna Nandamuri who has appointed to kill Bob Marley. In that attack, Sarika is deeply injured. Once Balakrishna is trying to kill Bob Marley he gets a command from higher authorities to leave him and has to do so. And Sarika dies in his laps before dying she asks him to take care of her family. In that depression and hatred on the department, he creates an image that he has died.
RAW Chief starts to meet him but he was been attacked by gangsters because he is the only person knowing the identity of Balakrishna and who has been collapsed. To find the truth the single way is to conduct a re-interview of him which he successfully completes and rejoins the duty. Meanwhile, RAW chief recovers and orders Balakrishna to kill Bob Marley. Finally, he replies he already finished him on the next day of Sarika's death, only the Indian politicians & gangsters created an image that he is alive till the date and he eliminates them also. At last, he undergoes to next mission.