Thalaivaa

Vishwa (Vijay) is a dancer who lives in Sydney, Australia. He also manages a water distribution business in the name of his deceased mother Ganga (Rekha) there with his childhood friend Logu (Santhanam) and his dance team members. He is the son of Ramadorai (Sathyaraj), a Mumbai-based don who fights for the rights of the Tamil-speaking migrants in the city. Ramadorai had sent Vishwa away to Australia when he was a child for his safety and although they are in regular contact, he lies to Vishwa that he is a businessman.
Vishwa falls in love with Meera (Amala Paul), the daughter of a restaurateur (Suresh) who is one of his customers. Meera reciprocates Vishwa's love and joins his dance team, helping them to win a dance competition. She soon proposes marriage to Vishwa, who agrees. Meera's father too agrees to the marriage, but he wants to discuss the matter formally with Ramadorai. They leave for Mumbai, where Vishwa finds out about his father's true identity and that he is currently in hiding due to several false cases registered against him by his arch-enemy, another don Bhima Bhai (Abhimanyu Singh). Vishwa also finds out that Meera and her "father" are CBI officers who lured him to Mumbai so that they could locate and arrest Ramadorai. Ramadorai is arrested, but just after he enters the police van, a bomb planted by Bhima in the van explodes, killing him. Vishwa is distraught over his father's death and eventually decides to stay back in Mumbai and take over his father's crime syndicate. He dons the title of Thalaivaa and provides his own brand of justice for the helpless and downtrodden.
Meanwhile, Bhima instigates riots in Mumbai which kill many people and leave several others injured. Although there is seemingly no evidence that Bhima is responsible, a tape recorded by a cameraman highlighting Bhima's involvement in the riots is stolen by a Bhojpuri-speaking pickpocket. Vishwa and his gang manage to reclaim the tape from the pickpocket and publicise it, leading to Bhima's arrest. Vishwa also kills the corrupt Chief Minister of Maharashtra, who had given Bhima and his gang free rein, and puts the blame on Bhima. But Bhima soon escapes from prison and kills most of Vishwa's henchmen on the night of Maha Shivaratri, with the help of Vishwa's uncle Ranga (Ponvannan), who is Vishwa's second-in-command. When Vishwa enters a fort after hearing that Ranga is being "held hostage" there by Bhima, he is stabbed by Ranga, who immediately informs the police that Vishwa is "dead" and leaves the fort with his physically handicapped son (M. R. Kishore Kumar), who is Vishwa's driver. When Ranga's son hears about his father's treachery, he becomes enraged and deliberately drives the car into a petroleum tanker, killing them both. Meanwhile, Vishwa, though injured, is still alive and after a bitter fight, he kills Bhima by stabbing his throat. Meera soon arrives at the fort and realises that Vishwa killed Bhima, but she acts quickly and shoots the corpses of Bhima and his henchmen to imply that she killed them, thus saving Vishwa from a jail term.
Meera eventually quits her job as a police officer after realising her love for Vishwa, and marries him. With Bhima and his gang out of the way, Vishwa is now the unchallenged don in Mumbai.