Ladies vs Ricky Bahl

Story 1: Delhi
Dimple Chaddha (Parineeti Chopra) is a spoilt brat since her father Suresh Chaddha (Shireesh Sharma) is the creator of "Chaddha Industries", a huge finance company in Delhi. Dimple is used to meeting her boyfriend, Sunny Singh (Ranveer Singh) secretly. The two party all night, and one day, eventually Dimple passes out of alcohol. Sunny then drops her home, and wanders off. He breaks into a bungalow nearby and starts to throw stones on windows and consequently chased by the residents. Later he explains to Dimple that the bungalow actually belongs to his father, who died shortly before, and was encroached by tenants, but he gets taxed. Dimple convinces Suresh to help him but Suresh tries to make profit out of it by buying the property at less valuation. Her father claims later as if he had fooled Sunny big time, though he is later arrested when the police claims that the family living there had a stay order, and that he entered there with no permission. Dimple realizes she has been conned, and starts to cry out loud. Then, Sunny is spotted in an airport leaving for Mumbai, with the Rs.20 lakhs which he receives as an advance from Dimple's father.
Story 2: Mumbai
Raina Parulekar (Dipannita Sharma) is a businesswoman in Mumbai who is paranoid for everything. She has been ordered by her boss to deliver an M.F. Hussain painting, which is sold out everywhere. She meets Deven 'Idiot' Shah (Ranveer Singh), who presumably leads an art gallery that comprises the painting. Raina fails to identify the fake painting and she contacts Deven for the M.F. Hussain over the phone, and he acts to be the owner of the painting and sells it to Raina. She gives Rs. 60 lakhs to Deven but later her boss realizes its a fake, and fires her. She then reveals to the media about a guy named Deven 'Idiot' Shah, who conned her for a fake Hussain painting. Dimple sees the news on TV, and suspects that maybe Deven Shah could be Sunny.
Story 3: Lucknow
A young widow named Saira Rashid (Aditi Sharma) calls Raina and explains her story of being conned by a person named Iqbal Khan (Ranveer Singh) into giving away Rs. 10 lakhs through her father-in-law and duping his garment business.
Story 4: Goa and Beyond
Raina calls over Dimple and Saira to her town, where they make a plan to find and con the number one conman who they name "Bloody Kameena" (BK).
To trace BK they uses his ringtone clue to find his name as Diego Vaz from Goa. They hire a sales woman, Ishika Desai (Anushka Sharma) to act as a millionaire heiress, Ishika Patel, who wants to open a restaurant in India with the help of the Bloody Kameena, so that if he invested money in the restaurant, they could sneakily steal the money and escape, thus ruining the BK. The four divas set out to Goa, and start their trap. The BK slowly starts falling into it, but he never realises it. Ishika says she can't con him anymore because they love each other, and the BK has no clue of it. Dimple begins to argue loudly with her, and is overheared by Diego Vaz (Ranveer Singh) who was waiting outside the door for Ishika.
He is heartbroken, and realizes the pain he gave to everyone when he conned them. But still out of ego-driven vengeance, he now makes a plan to con the four girls. He himself originally purchases a swamp worth Rs. 3 lakh and as a con blows its cost to 90 lakhs. All girls blame Ishika for cheating and take their anger out on her. The three now return home, only to find Diego Vaz (Ranveer Singh) sitting in their garden, with the Rs.1 crore. He explains why he came back, and that he didn't feel good about conning the girl he truly loved, and that the four girls have changed him into now becoming an honest and decent man. He returns the money he stole from them, and leaves.
The girls realize the love Ishika has for Diego and reunite them. He proposes to her but Ishika asks his real name, to which he reveals himself as "Ricky Bahl", and the story ends with a kiss, as the three girls leave.