Tumhari Sulu

Sulochana Dubey, nicknamed Sulu, is a middle-class housewife staying in Virar with her family. Sulu enjoys her life to the fullest with her husband and 11-year-old son. She dreams of being a working woman, but since she couldn't complete her high school she cannot think of any white collar jobs. Her two elder twin sisters are always critical of her educational credentials and mock her failed business ideas.
Sulu is fond of participating and winning any contest around her, be it a singing competition or an athletic event or a lemon and spoon race.
Her husband, Ashok works as a manager in a tailoring firm, which is quite a frustrating job since everyone apart from him is over the age of sixty, including the owners. Most of them are either unresponsive or unreasonable. On top of it, the firm now is taken over by the grandson of the owner, who is very rude and treats him with disdain. Ashok bears all this for his family. Her son is constantly teased by a set of students, who sell magazines, CDs, etc., in school, which is strictly prohibited.
One fine day, Sulu wins a contest hosted by her favourite radio station. She receives a call from Albeli, the top RJ of the radio station. On the call, Albeli makes her sing. Sulu sings a retro song, which everyone at the radio station finds funny. Next day she goes to the Radio station to collect her prize. There she sees a poster of auditions for the position of a RJ. She is very excited and feels that this is the job she is waiting for. She insists on filling the form, which the receptionist refuses on some pretext or the other. Co-incidentally, RJ Albeli walks in and feels that she must give her a shot. She takes Sulu to meet her boss, Maria. Sulu is extrovert and engaging, which is a bit annoying for others but Maria finds her interesting. She gives her an opportunity to audition. At the audition, Sulu is very casual and not able to control her laughter after Pankaj, one of the poets at the radio station, recites the lines in a sensual manner. Just at the end, she manages to say 'Hello' in a sensual manner, which impresses Maria. Maria gives her card and asks if she would be able to do a call-in night show - where people would call her to talk about their troubles. Maria gives Sulu time to think.
Sulu thinks about the job and the sensual accent in which she would have to answer the calls. Just to try out, she calls a nearby grocery store, talks in a sensual accent and requests the owner to get a broom. The owner excitingly comes to the address, only to find out that the floor does not exist. Next, she calls her husband and drives him mad.
Next day, she calls Maria multiple times to tell that she is ready to take up the job. As it happens, Maria is in a very difficult situation and is not able to receive any of her calls. Sulu is disappointed and sends a few messages indicating that she is ready to work. Next day, Maria realizes the passion behind Sulu's persistent annoyance and hires her. To start with, Ashok is annoyed with her that she took up the job without discussing with him but later relents out of his love for her.
The company provides Sulu pickup and drop facility. On her first day, Sulu faces an annoying caller who tries to change their chat into an obscene one. With her sharp mind, Sulu is able to tactfully handle it. Next, she gets a request from a caller to sing an out of the world kind of a song for him. Sulu, out of excitement, sings a song which she sings only for her husband. Ashok is annoyed by all this, as well as frustrated with his new boss who treats him rudely. Because of these two situations, he becomes angry and, at times, insecure.
Sulu's parents and her sisters are very angry with her program and force her to quit the job. But Ashok stands by her and she is able to continue. Maria is very happy with her and the show becomes very successful. Sulu also enjoys her work. But at times, Ashok expresses his frustration either at his job or hers. It seems that life is like a roller coaster ride for Sulu, high at work and low at home.
One day, she gets a call from her son's school and they visit his principal's office. The principal reveals that he is charging some other kids for showing some videos on the phone he stole from Ashok, as well as faking his signatures over the remarks written in his school dairy. On this basis, he suspends her son from the school. This becomes a very big issue in their family and Sulu's sisters blame her that because of her job she has neglected her son. They decide that she now has to leave the job and her son would not stay with them because her low level of education is causing similar influence on him. Sulu takes a tough stand, rejects both the conditions and leaves for her job. While coming back, she gets a call that her son is missing. They later find a note by him, revealing he is very ashamed of what he has done. He is very sad to see that his mother had to leave her job because of his actions. He requests his father to support his mother and her job.
Next day police find her son and bring him home. Sulu goes to her office and resigns. She feels that she is not able to handle the emotional turmoil at home. Just as she is leaving, she finds the receptionist having a fight with the tiffin service guy. Sulu has an idea and she requests Maria to give her the contract for the tiffin service. Next, we see Ashok managing the tiffin business and Sulu going to her job; managing both the household and her professional life in her own unique style.