Teesri Manzil

Sunita (Asha Parekh) lives along with her widowed father in a rich neighborhood of Delhi. She is deeply disturbed by the suicide of her elder sister Roopa in Dehradun a year ago. All she knows was that Roopa committed suicide due to her involvement with a hotel live band drummer "Rocky". (a role played by Shammi Kapoor, who was repeating the drummers role from his 1959 blockbuster "Dil Deke Dekho", with the same co-star and director)
On the way to Dehradun, Sunita meets a charming but mischievous young man Anil (Shammi Kapoor) on the train. Anil gets attracted by Sunita's beauty and spirit and decides to pursue her. Later he overhears Sunita saying that she would definitely take revenge on "Rocky", who was the cause of her sister's suicide. Anil's stage name being "Rocky".
Narrating his version of what happened to his friend, he reveals that he was never interested in Roopa and she was the one who always pursued him. one evening telling him that she would be coming to his room in the hotel and if he did not open his door, she will jump and commit suicide. later that evening when she starts banging on his door, he does not open the door, and then he hears a shriek and a thud. When he rushes out and looks down from the 3rd floor lobby balcony (TEESRI MANZIL) he sees Roopa's body on the Compound below, apparently she having jumped as she had threatened.
He tries to explain everything to Sunita, but always postpones it. He takes the help of a rich patron of their hotel, Mr. Kunwer to pose as a rich heir in front of Sunita's father. But after some time, it is revealed that he was no one but Rocky. He tries to explain to Sunita but she wouldn't listen. His pursuit of Sunita's attention and affection, along with the hotel club backdrop, gives many a chance to break out in song and dance.
Police arrest Anil and later release him. To his surprise, they reveal that Roopa didn't commit suicide, but was murdered. A fact the police kept silent to catch the actual murderer. They also warn Anil that the killer might target him as he was closely linked to the case.
Anil suspects Ruby (Helen), his co-dancer and his admirer but she is murdered before his eyes and although he chases the killer, Anil is unable to catch him. He then suspects Ramesh (Prem Chopra), Roopa's fiance, but finds no clue. Later, police tells him that the murderer wanted to kill Anil, but Ruby came in between. A mysterious young woman calls him one night and asks him to go to a certain place in her car to know the truth about Roopa. But the car has been tampered with and goes of a cliff and with no body found, everybody thinks that Anil is dead. But he survives and investigates further and at last finds the actual killer and the motive behind Roopa's murder.
Anil and Sunita go to a hotel to investigate the mystery. When Sunita is away, Anil finds the mysterious lady going in a car. Anil follows her to the hotel owned by Mr Kunvar. The two men search for the lady, but are unable to find her.
Mr. Kunvar insists that Anil spend the night there and locks him in from outside. Anil discovers an important evidence for Roopa's murder. The killer is revealed to be Mr. Kunvar himself. Anil confronts the woman who is actually Kunvar's mistress. She confesses to the police about the crime. The mistress tells Anil that she was having relations with Kunvar when the latter was still married. Kunvar's wife discovered the affair and in the scuffle, Kunvar accidentally shot her dead. Kunvar and his mistress were burying the body in secret when Roopa witnessed everything. Kunvar chased her to the hotel and threw her from the higher floor, murdering her.
Kunvar arrives and kills his mistress. Anil and Kunvar fight each other and Anil overpowers him. The police arrive. Kunvar commits suicide. The film ends with Sunita and Anil together.