Manhunt

Du Qiu is a Chinese lawyer who has defeated many legal suits filed against his employer Tenjin Pharmaceuticals but is now being moved to America by his management. He attends a party where the president of the company, Yoshihiro Sakai, appoints his son Hiroshi as head of development of new pharmaceuticals. At the party Du Qiu meets a half-Chinese woman, Mayumi, but loses track of her. Sakai tells a mysterious woman to seduce Du Qiu to remain in Japan. She dances with him at the party then sneaks to his house before he arrives later.
Du Qiu wakes up to find the unknown woman dead in his bed. Du Qiu calls the police and insists that he is innocent. While he is being taken away, corrupt policeman Mamoru Ito creates an opportunity for him to escape by shooting another officer. Du Qiu loses the police by running down a subway tunnel in front of a moving subway car and escaping out an exit at a station that is still under construction. Yamura and his new partner Rika follow Yamura's intuition to the same spot, where they find Du Qiu disguised as a worker. Yamura reaches for his gun but Du Qiu puts a nail gun to Rika's head. Yamura surrenders his gun and trades himself for Rika. Du Qiu and Yamura drive away but crash into a dove cage, sending the white birds flying everywhere as they fight. Du Qiu escapes and hides in a shanty town where people are recruited to take part in drug tests by Tenjin. He is aided by the elderly Mr. Sakamoto and other residents in evading the police during a search there.
The assassin Rain is hired to kill Du Qiu but she recognizes him as a man who had previously helped her when she was threatened by a gang so she intentionally misses the shot with her sniper rifle, much to her sister and partner Dawn's annoyance. Yamura pursues Du Qiu in a high-speed jet ski chase and when Du Qiu's jet ski stops running he climbs over Yamura onto a bridge to escape. Mayumi meets him there and they run away together.
Mayumi explains that her deceased fiancé shot himself on the day of their planned wedding after losing a legal battle to Tenji due to Du Qiu's legal skills. She shows him the park where the wedding took place as Rain and Dawn arrive on motorcycles shooting at Du Qiu. Yamura arrives and drives into Dawn, then pursues Du Qiu and Mayumi in a high-speed car chase until Du Qiu crashes, flipping the car. Yamura helps Du Qiu pull Mayumi from the wreck then handcuffs himself to Du Qiu and they run from the sisters into the woods, where Mayumi tells Yamura that she was with Du Qiu at the time of the murder. They flee to Mayumi's farm, where they defend themselves in a gunfight against the pursuing sisters, accompanied by a gang of armed motorcyclists. During the battle they damage Mayumi's wedding dress, still covered in her fiancé's blood from that day. They are chased outside, where they witness Dawn injecting drugs in order to be able to keep fighting despite her injuries. She collapses then dies in Rain's arms after saying that the drugs were too strong. Rika drives them to the hospital, where Yamura tells her to remove the handcuffs and lets Du Qiu escape.
Mamoru Ito is revealed as the one who staged the murder to make Du Qiu look guilty to cover up for the real murderer, Yoshihiro Sakai's son Hiroshi. He demands money from Yoshihiro Sakai but is shot by Rain. Rika has an analysis run on drugs dropped by Ito and finds that they are a strong stimulant. Mayumi calls Rika and gives her the secret formula for the drug that her fiancé was killed for but is then captured by Rain.
Mr. Sakamoto helps Du Qiu get aboard a truck taking test subjects to Tenjin's laboratories where torturous tests are conducted on them. Mr. Sakamoto is given a drug that makes him a relentless killer. He kills several of the other prisoners before begging Du Qiu to kill him and then impaling himself on a sharp stick. Yoshihiro Sakai reassures a foreign investor that his new drug allows the mind of the subject to be controlled in order to create a more controllable killing machine. He recognizes Du Qiu and has him strapped into a machine to test his resistance to pain. Yamura arrives and offers to tell the formula to the Sakais in exchange for Du Qiu. Rain, upset about Tenjin's treatment of her sister, releases Mayumi. Yoshihiro gives Du Qiu the new drug and forces him to fight Yamura but Yamura convinces him to resist the drug and they join together to fight the guards. Yoshihiro orders Rain to kill them but she shoots the guards instead. Hideo injects himself with the new drug to prove its effects and continues fighting even after being shot several times by Yamura and Du Qiu. He begins to strangle Mayumi but is shot by Yamura. As he is dying he confesses that Du Qiu just showed up at the wrong time after Hideo had murdered the woman. He lunges at Yamura, who shoots him several more times until he is dead. Yoshihiro shoots Rain and Du Qiu but is then shot dead by them and Yamura. Du Qiu tells Rain to stay strong but as she dies she insists that old movies always end this way. Yoshihiro says that he is going to be with his son and shoots himself in the head. At that moment Rika arrives with the police to rescue the survivors and Yamura gives her a sample of the drug that he grabbed from the laboratory. The final scene shows Yamura at a train station bidding Du Qiu farewell, "for a better tomorrow."