Si3

The film starts with a lot of trouble in a residual Andhra Pradesh state assembly where the long pending murder case of Vishakhapatnam City Police Commissioner Ramakrishna IPS (Jayaprakash) is being discussed where Home Minister of Andhra Pradesh, K. Sathyanarayana Reddygaru (Sarath Babu) proposes to bring DCP Durai Singam (Suriya) from Tamil Nadu police to solve the long pending case, and also to take care of the city's law and order. Initially, being attacked by Madhusudhana Reddy's (Sharat Saxena) men at a railway station at his arrival, Durai Singam bashes them and joins the Vishakhapatnam Police Force under the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) pretending to be casual and not serious about the murder case. Durai Singam gives his police subordinates the impression that he is Madhusudhana Reddy's (Sharat Saxena) man. Then Durai Singam secretly investigates the case from all aspects. Meanwhile, Durai Singam is being followed by Vidhya (Shruti Haasan) who is a journalist from Andhra Pradesh, tracking Durai Singam in disguise as student appearing for IPS exams. Durai Singam states he has divorced his wife, Kavya Mahalingam (Anushka Shetty), but secretly contacts her. Later, after suspicion of Subba Rao (Robo Shankar), it is disclosed that Durai Singam's divorce is a ploy to protect Kavya from attacks from any suspects of the murder case. Durai Singam ended finding out that Madhusudhana Reddy is behind the murder in a series of investigations and decides to wipe out and arrest everyone involved in the murder of Ramakrishna within a single day through one day operation.
After tracking a suspect he comes across; a school teacher, Durai Singam comes to know of an illegal dumping of biological waste and electronic waste from Australia by Vittal Prasad (Thakur Anoop Singh) an Australian-Indian wealthy businessman, who is thought to contribute 7% of India's economy. Vittal is the son of Central Minister Ram Prasad (Suman) and a very ruthless, dangerous but wealthy businessman who works as a mastermind behind waste dumping from Australia in Vishakhapatnam by help of Madhusudhana Reddy and his staff member/assistant Rajeev Krishna (Kamalesh). When Ramakrishna tried to expose this truth to the media, he was brutally killed by Madhusudhana Reddy and his subordinates. This was witnessed by ACP Krishnaraj's driver Mallaya (Jeeva Ravi) and the school teacher (Joe Malloori) who lost his granddaughter in toxic smoke caused by burning wastes from Australia in a nearby dump yard. When Durai Singam attempts to arrest Madhusudhana Reddy and Vittal with help from both Mallaya and the school teacher and the recent discovered evidence collected. But, Madhusudhana Reddy's men kills the school teacher and Vittal warns Durai Singam that he would destroy his whole family from Australia if he further investigates the case. Durai Singam lets Madhusudhana Reddy to escape from this and visits Australia with his wife, incognito, to investigate Vittal. He visits Vittal's company and secretly hacks into Vittal 's database. He and Kavya escape from Vittal and return to India. Then suddenly, three people surrender in the court pleading guilty that they killed Ramakrishna due to sexual misconduct. This angers Ramakrishna's family and the media.
Durai Singam is fired from the CBI and leaves the CBI office in Vishakhapatnam, where he is met by the Home Minister of AP K.Satyanarayana. He tells the Home Minister that he is getting himself relieved from Tamil Nadu Police and requests to be inducted into AP Police, to which the Home Minister agrees. He is then appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of Police of Vishakhapatnam City. He then investigates Vittal more seriously, makes him come to Vishakhapatnam, and kills Madhusudhana Reddy, clearing Ramakrishna's name. He finally gets an arrest warrant on Vittal. Vittal tries to escapes to a neighbouring state in India, Telangana to the Hyderabad airport, with Ram's help and gets into a plane bound to Malaysia, though his Australian passport has been suspended. But still, Durai Singam arrests him, by blocking the plane in a runway using a car. Vittal is locked up in chains in a police van bound to Andhra Pradesh, when Vittal tells Durai Singam that he'll escape the clutches of the law within two hours legally, and he will destroy Durai Singam's hometown, Nallur within the next thirty-six hours, sitting back from Australia. Durai Singam explains that, according to his plan, the police van will have a sudden brake failure and will capsize into the 40-foot deep river on the way, killing Vittal. Vittal breaks his chains and escapes into the Talakona forest, which is video taped by Durai Singam. He then fights with Vittal and finally kills him. He then returns to being the Deputy Commissioner of Police in Thoothukudi, having finshed his mission in Vishakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh.
Six months later, while having a walk with Kavya, who is pregnant, Durai Singam is called into another assignment by the Home Minister of Tamil Nadu, Ramanathan.