Bumm Bumm Bole

Khogiram Gwala, Ritu Gwala and their children Pinu and Rimzim .They don't have enough money for uniform or shoes. Things become worse when Pinu misplaces Rimzim's only pair of shoes in the vegetable shop. Pinu tells Rimzim about the shoes and begs her not to tell their mother; she agrees. Rimzim can't go to school without her shoes. They work out a scheme where both of them share the same shoes. Rimzim will wear them to school in the morning and hand them off to Pinu at midday so he can attend afternoon classes. However, Pinu always gets into trouble at school waiting for Rimzim to give him the shoes. She takes Pinu to their house to shows the place and they find out that family is poorer than them. A day after, Rimzim is attracted to a new shiny pair of shoes that the same poor girl is wearing. She asks her about what she did with her previous pair of shoes and when she learns that the girl had thrown away her old pair of shoes, she is greatly disappointed. Temporarily, Khogiram, desperate for money, borrows some gardening equipment and heads off with Pinu to the rich suburbs of the town to find some gardening work. They try many mansions until a mansion belonging to a 6-year-old girl and her grandmother agreed. While Pinu plays with the 6-year-old girl, his father works. Meanwhile, Pinu comes to know of the Interschool Marathon where one of the prizes is a pair of shoes. Pinu enters the marathon race in the hope of receiving the third prize of a new pair of sneakers (the first prize being free education to the winner till he completes high school), which he could exchange for girl sneakers and give to Rimzim. He accidentally wins the race and is placed first. He is shocked and cries on the podium as he watches in despair at the new pair of sneakers being awarded to the third placed runner. The film ends with Rimzim finding out that she will not get a new pair of shoes, but there is a quick shot of their father's bicycle at the end of the movie that shows what appears to be red shoes with red trimming for Rimzim and another pair of white basketball shoes, presumably for Pinu, whose old shoes were torn from so much use.