Bhaskar the Rascal

Bhaskaran Pillai (Mammootty) is a business tycoon and a single parent. His father Sankara Narayanan Pillai (Janardhanan) was also a big business man once. But when his business failed he had to go through financial crisis resulting in all his relatives and friends abandoning him. His son Bhaskar was the one and only pillar of support. Since then Bhaskar's sole aim is to create and amass wealth. His business empire is the result of his hard work.
He is really impatient and reacts harshly to anyone who does something which he does not like. He is like a thug. This behaviour earns him the name 'Rascal'. Bhaskar is a widower. He has a son named Aadhi (Master Sanoop). Aadhi and Shivani (Baby Anikha) study in the same school. Bhaskar indulges in a fight at Aadhi's school. Shivani witnesses the whole encounter and is highly impressed with Aadhi's dad. She develops an admiration towards him and is excited to meet him. She is also short tempered and has an aggressive character. Shivani's mother Hima (Nayanthara) who is also a single parent and Bhaskar involve in a small fight in Aadhi's school.
Bhaskar goes with Aadhi for a felicitation function where actress Rani Kabeer (Isha Talwar) is the Chief Guest. Rani gives an interview stating that she is in love with a businessman who is a single parent. Bhaskar reaches the venue at the same time. This creates a confusion in the media people and they mistake Bhaskar to be the actresses' love interest. The reporters bombard him with questions about Rani. Bhaskar answers their questions while thinking that they are asking about his brand of beer "Rani". The statements go viral. Rani's real love interest happens to be see the news and separates from Rani. Bhaskar, acting on the advice of his father, tries to set things right by meeting the guy and settle the misunderstanding. Things take a different course when the person denies Bhaskar an audience and insults him. This leads to Bhaskar thrashing the guy in his office which is also covered by the press.
In school, Aadhi is being mocked by his classmates. Shivani tries to save Aadhi but one of the boys twist her hand. She attacks the boy in self-defensive. The boy's mother makes an issue of it but thanks to Bhaksar's timely intervention, the matter is solved without much haste. Bhaskar encourages Shivani to be outspoken and aggressive but Hima dislikes it as she is a girl. She argues with Bhaskar and goes home and scolds Shivani. She tells her the story of how she lost her husband, Shivani's father. The events are shown in a brief Flashback.
Few thugs misbehave with Hima in the theater. She humiliates the thugs for misbehaving with her. Her husband Sanjay (J. D. Chakravarthy) does nothing and remains calm. She gets annoyed with him. Once he drops her off, he drives back to the place. Hima follows and sees him in a fight with them. Hima tries to stop him but as they are about to leave, he gets shot by one of the thugs and dies. She states that she doesn't want the same fate for Shivani.
The mother of the boy whom Shivani beats up goes to the police station to get information about Hima's husband's family. Aadhi and Shivani plan to get their parents married, thus making them siblings. They plan to spend time with their 'new parents' Shivani spending time with Bhaskar and Aadhi spending time with Hima. Bhaskar does shows some interest in Hima but she remains indifferent and tries to avoid Bhaskar on all occasions. On Shivani's birthday, a small party is organized. The only guests invited are Aadhi and Bhaskar but a third uninvited guest appears and surprises everyone. Sanjay, Hima's dead husband and Shivani's father. He introduces himself to Bhakar and Aadhi. A flashback shows about the happenings after he was shot.
He was sent to a nearby hospital. The doctor plans to shift him to another hospital. Hima and her friend Manitha follow the ambulance but to no avail. There wasn't any patient named Sanjay admitted in the hospital. Hima comes to know the truth about Sanjay that he is a killer. She moves away from the city without informing anyone.
Bhaskar and Hima decide to get married because of Sanjay emotionally blackmailing her. When Hima and Bhaskar were about to get married Sanjay and his parents come to Hima's house. The wedding is cancelled. Hima goes to Pune with Sanjay to retrieve a bag for Sanjay. They plan to kill Hima after retrieving the bag. However Bhaskar saves Hima but both Sanjay and Manitha get killed. Hima and Shivani finally cancel their trip to Canada and they reunite.