Devatha

Lecturer Prasad (N. T. Rama Rao) and Seeta (Savitri) are a happily married couple. They have a son Madhu (Master Murali). Seeta is a noble and ideal daughter in law who looks after her parents-in-law very affectionately and takes care of every family affair meticulously. She comes to know that her father Seshaiah (Perumallu) is sick and starts home by train. The train meets with an accident. Family members rush to the hospital where occupants are taken and consult the officials, who were in charge of identifying the dead and treating the survivors, among the occupants of the train accident and are relieved to find out that Seeta is injured but alive and rejoice. She reaches home but is unable to identify any of them. Meanwhile, Seshaiah leaves his entire property in the name of Seeta and dies. Dr. Rukminamma is called for consultation. The Doctor theorizes that the lady in the family is not Seeta but another lady of the same face, Lalitha (again Savitri). Prasad requests Lalitha to reveal her origin. Lalitha is a poor lady who loved a young man named, Ramesh (Vallam Narasimha Rao) who refused her proposal of their marriage for want of dowry. Meanwhile, she is being forced by her parents to marry a wealthy drunkard. Helpless, Lalitha decides to commit suicide at tracks where the same train in which Seeta is travelling but she survives as the train derails just before reaching her allowing her to survive, albeit, a few injuries. Prasad requests Lalitha to act like Seeta, until he finds Seeta, for his family sake. It turns out that Seeta in fact died in the train accident and no one could come forward to identify Seeta at the time of the accident since everyone mistook Lalitha for Seeta. The officials hence buried Seeta, unidentified. Prasad, thus, decides to arrange Lalitha's marriage with Ramesh by giving the dowry, but Ramesh suspects a relation between Prasad & Lalitha. Listening to this Lalitha refuses for the marriage and asks Ramesh to get out. Simultaneously, Seeta's relative Jagannadham (Rajanala) kidnaps Lalitha for the property but she is saved by Prasad. Taking into account the affection shown on her by the family, Lalitha decides to replace Seeta and gets married to Prasad, keeping everyone happy.