Secret Superstar

Insia Malik, 15, an Indian Muslim girl, lives in Baroda with her mother Najma and her abusive father Farookh who often beats his wife and daughter. Insia is very passionate about singing but her father is against her dream of a singer. He goes out of town for work and returns only once a week.
Though Insia cannot participate in a music competition, Najma gifts Insia a laptop which was the prize. She records a song wearing a niqab, so Farookh can't find out her identity, and uploads the video on YouTube under the name of 'Secret Superstar'. She becomes an overnight sensation and grabs the attention of Shakti Kumar, a talented but rude music director based in Mumbai. He requests Insia to record a song, but she refuses as she hears a lot of negative reviews of him. One day, she leaves her tuition test to read a newspaper article about her. At her roof, Chintan reveals that he knows Insia is the Secret Superstar. He proposes her which she blushes and rejects. Due to her poor test grade, Farookh breaks her guitar.
The next night, after discovering Najma sold her necklace to buy Insia’s laptop, Farookh beats her harshly and forces Insia to throw her laptop from the balcony. After seeing a famous lawyer on TV who won a divorce case against Shakti Kumar, Insia decides to accept Shakti's offer to sing for him in order to get her parents to divorce. Insia gets in contact with Shakti and goes to Mumbai to record a song. While escaping from school with help from Chintan, she declares her love for him. In Mumbai, she is unable to sing the party song, as she feels the song is like a remix of another one which never released, He sings to her his originally-written song. Insia records the original version of the song and her fame increases as she is nominated for the￼￼ Best Female Singer.
Shakti reluctantly fixes her meeting with his ex-wife's lawyer who gives Insia some files for signatures. Once home, her mother harshly rejects Insia's suggestion for divorce as they would have no financial support otherwise. Insia becomes angry but later forgives her, after her grandmother reveals how Najma struggled to keep Insia alive despite Farookh's efforts to abort her. Farookh reveals that he got a better job in Riyadh,and she’s disappointed as Farookh is taking the entire family with him and Insia would also marry his friend's son. He confirms their departure on the last day of Insia's session.
On the final day of school, Insia and Chintan spend their last joyful moments together. At the airport, a counter clerk informs Farookh about an extra bag having the guitar. Farook scolds Najma to which she protests. She angrily signs the divorce papers and marches out of the airport with her kids leaving Farookh. All three attend the awards ceremony where Insia has been nominated for Best Female Singer. Unfortunately, Secret Superstar does not win the award. But the winner, Monali Thakur, hands over the award to her who comes on stage. Insia reveals her identity to everyone and dedicates her award to Najma and deems her the true 'Secret Superstar' since she supported and fought for Insia always. She drops the mic and embraces with Najma.
The screen fades to a message dedicating the movie "To All Mothers And Motherhood." Later, Shakti releases his party song on Youtube dedicated to Insia.