The Parent Trap

In 1986, American Nicholas "Nick" Parker (Dennis Quaid) and Briton Elizabeth "Liz" James (Natasha Richardson) meet, fall in love, and get married during an ocean cruise on the "Queen Elizabeth 2". After the birth of their twin daughters Annie and Hallie (Lindsay Lohan) they get divorced and each take one of the girls. Nick, a wealthy wine grower, raises Hallie in Napa Valley, California and Elizabeth raises Annie in London, England, and becomes a famous and successful wedding gown designer.
Eleven years and nine months later in 1998, Nick and Elizabeth coincidentally send their daughters to Camp Walden, a girls summer camp in Maine. Hallie and Annie, after fighting and being isolated until camp is over as punishment for their actions, discover that they are twin sisters. They hatch a plan to meet the parent they've never met and bring them back together. Hallie, able to imitate Annie's British accent, goes to London to meet their mother, grandfather, and Martin the butler. Annie, able to imitate Hallie's American accent, goes to Napa Valley to meet their father and Chessy the housekeeper. After discovering that their father is on the verge of marrying a child-hating gold-digger named Meredith Blake (Elaine Hendrix) Annie and Hallie decide to waste no time in bringing Nick and Elizabeth back together. Despite the girls' best efforts, they are unable to persuade Nick and Elizabeth to reunite and resort to desperate measures by demanding a three-day family camping trip, refusing to disclose which of them is which until after the trip. Elizabeth tricks Meredith into going on the camping trip in her place. The girls play a number of pranks on Meredith, who becomes outraged and gives Nick an ultimatum; it's either the girls or her. Nick chooses the girls, and breaks off their engagement, realizing the truth about her.
Elizabeth and Annie later board a flight for London, but when they arrive, they find Hallie and Nick waiting for them, having decided that they want to be a family again. Photographs show Nick and Elizabeth getting remarried aboard the "Queen Elizabeth 2", with the girls as bridesmaids.