Mere Baap Pehle Aap

Janaradhan Wishvanbhar Rane (Paresh Rawal) is a widower who has spent his life bringing up his two kids, Chirag (Manoj Joshi) and Gaurav (Akshaye Khanna). Janaradhan has done everything to bring them up in the best possible manner, ever since they were toddlers.
Now the duo has grown up, and Gaurav has taken up the responsibility for his father. They manage the household chores and their business to the best of their abilities. He treats his father as his son. Gaurav is on his guard with the vigilance of a disciplined parent. He shouts, threatens, fights, and even locks up his father occasionally so that Rane's best friend Madhav Mathur — who is a divorcé and desperate to get married — does not spoil him. Madhav and Janaradhan who are always in search of a bride for Madhav forever land up in trouble and Gaurav always has to bail them out and face embarrassment.
Gaurav, busy managing his business, starts getting prank calls from a girl who turns out to be his old college friend Shikha Kapoor (Genelia D'Souza). Sheekha is staying with her guardian Anuradha (Shobana) who was Janardhan's first love. Gaurav and Shikha notice changes in the behaviour of Janaradhan and Anuradha when they come face to face after many years. They learn about their past relationship. Now Gaurav wants his father to get married to his lost love. Gaurav and Shikha embark upon a rib-tickling journey to arrange his father's and her guardian's love marriage and, in the process, find soul mates in each other. Although the path is not so smooth; with obstacles, Madhav's desperate desire for a bride comes in handy.
However, Shikha's father (Naseeruddin Shah), seemingly not pleased with the fact that his daughter will be marrying into a family 'where the father in law is arranging his own honeymoon', threatens the termination of Gaurav's relationship with Shikha. In addition, Chirag's wife (Arzoo Gowitrikar) and her family also show their anger at such a relationship. Despite all these, after a chain of events, Gaurav gets Rane married to Anuradha, against the wishes of many. However, at the end, Shikha's father reveals that in fact, if Gaurav had decided not to conduct his father's remarriage and courted Shikha instead, he would actually have been very disappointed. The film ends with Shikha's father giving Shikha's hand to Gaurav.