4.3.2.1

The story focuses on four 19-year-old friends: Joanne, Cassandra, Shannon and Kerrys. They all meet one other at a diner, where they see Dillon and Smoothy. Unbeknownst to Dillon, Shannon has a crush on him. As the police turn up, Dillon and Smoothy run off and Dillon accidentally drops a stolen diamond into Cassandra's bag. The four girls then walk out and go their separate ways home.
First, the story focuses on Shannon: she walks into her home just as her mother is leaving her father. She loses her temper and runs away, going to Jo's home, who has to rush to work, telling her she does not have time to talk. Jo calls Shannon over to the supermarket where she works, but tells her to leave as soon as she arrives. When she refuses, Dillon kisses Jo, upsetting Shannon, whom he asked out earlier in the day, so she grabs a Pringles tube from the shop and runs away.
After getting drunk at a bar, she goes to a tunnel where she sprays graffiti on the wall, is attacked by a gang and then taken in by Kelly, who saved her. Shannon realizes that Kelly seems to be looking for the Pringles. This is later confirmed when she finds out that she is searching for "15 diamonds". One is already in Cassandra's bag and the rest are in the can that fell out of Shannon's bag in the tunnel. She escapes by knocking Kelly out with the bathroom door. She finds the diamonds by going back to where she was attacked, and leaves a message informing Jo about them. Later, Shannon tracks down her mother and accuses her of not caring about her, especially when she forced her to get an abortion. Her story ends with her holding the diamonds above a bridge, suggesting she is about to commit suicide. Jo, Cassandra and Kerrys appear to threaten Shannon into handing the diamonds over.
Second, the story moves onto Cassandra, who visits New York City to meet up with Brett, whom she has met on the internet and audition for a piano school. She has sex with Brett and in the morning finds all her possessions gone except for her handbag, which contains a diamond. She also finds a letter that Shannon has been looking for, which was written by her mother explaining why she left. She mails it to Kerrys' house to deliver it to Shannon.
She goes to Brett's house to find that Brett is a stalker who hacked into Cassandra's computer, taking videos of her. When the fake Brett comes, she knocks him out and erases the footage and proceeds to take photos of his genitals as revenge but he escapes and chases her down the street where she is rescued by a black woman and her family, who do not take kindly to Brett's racist comments. Cassandra forces her way into an impromptu audition with Jago Larofsky and wins a place at his school. She then leaves to go home to London, telling Jo she knows where Shannon is.
Third, the story of Kerrys is explored. After witnessing her brother Manuel receive a package with instructions from Dillon and Smoothy, Kerrys and her girlfriend Jas break into Cassandra's flat and stay there for the weekend. Manuel locks them in the panic room, returns the package to Dillon and Smoothy as instructed and throws a party. When the two girls escape from the panic room, they angrily force everyone out of the flat. Kerrys goes home and finds Shannon's mother's letter that Cassandra had sent her. After making amends with her father, she steals Manuel's new car to find Shannon and stuffs him into the trunk, but when he tries to attack her, she crashes the car into Jo's shop.
Fourth, Jo, who works at a 24-hour supermarket with Angelo, finds that her new manager Tee is in town, and begins to become suspicious of his intentions. It later emerges that Tee has been working with Dillon and Smoothy to deliver the diamonds, but one is missing. Tee asks Dillon and Smoothy to come over to the supermarket. Dillon and Smoothy come to get the money, when they find that Tee has betrayed them, keeping the money for himself and they hold up the store in retaliation.
When Shannon arrives, Jo tries to make her leave and Dillon kisses Jo, whom unseen to Shannon, is at gunpoint. Shannon leaves, stealing a tube of Pringles, and Dillon and Smoothy escape, leaving Tee with the 14 diamonds, which Tee had hidden in the tube of Pringles that Shannon stole. The next day, Jo realizes that Shannon has the diamonds, and when Tee is about to be shot by Kelly, Jo rescues him before Kerrys crashes Manuel's car into the shop. Jo helps Kerrys escape and leaves a note and a DVD implicating Tee, but when he tries to run, Angelo attacks him and Tee is then arrested by the police.
Cassandra returns with the last diamond. She meets Jo and Kerrys and they go to find Shannon. They talk her down and give her the letter, comforting her. They put the 15 diamonds together, give them to the police and fly to New York City with Kelly also on the plane.