He's a Dragon

Princess Miroslava (Maria Poezzhaeva), called Mira is betrothed to Igor. Her father and sister, Yaroslava think she's immatue because she still likes fairy tales and playing with toys. According to an ancient custom, Mira is placed on a boat deck in her wedding finery to be sent across the water to her future husband, Igor. As Igor pulls her boat toward him, his people sing an ancient wedding song.
In the middle of the wedding, a dragon captures Mira. She is held prisoner in a cave. There, Mira meets a strange young man who cannot remember his name. Mira believes him another prisoner and calls him Arman (Matvey Lykov). Soon she discovers that Arman is the dragon who abducted her. He lives in human form, holding back the inner beast, but sometimes turns into a dragon against his will. As a dragon, Arman is unable to control himself.
Arman show Mira the island and a place for her to create a home. He tells her that male dragons had long lived on the island. As a dragon boy he was allowed to choose whether to stay human or become a dragon. He chose to remain human until a dragon slayer killed his father. In his grief and rage, he becomes a dragon gaining the knowledge of all dragons who came before him. Realizing that dragons were truly monsters, Arman isolates himself on the island to prevent himself from killing humans. Sensing the impending transition to dragon form, he went into the cave where the dragon could not escape and remained there until reverting to human form. He accidentally abducted Mira because of the ritual song sung at the wedding because dragons were believed extinct. The song caught Arman off guard and he did not have time to hide in the cave.
Arman wants to live as a man and crush his inner dragon because he is afraid of harming Mira. Mira talks with Arman and teaches him to live as a human. As they get to know one another, Arman and Miri fall in love although Mira is still afraid of the dragon. The island is bewitched so that only those who are loved by someone on the island can find the way to it. Because Mira's feelings toward Igor change as she falls in love with Arman, Igor searches futilely in a fog.
Mira's fear of the dragon causes her to secretly prepare a boat in order to escape. Learning of her preparations, Arman despairs of ever being able to control the dragon and reveals to Mira what happened to the other dragon brides. Dragons brought the sacrificed girls to the island and burned them to death. From the ashes and new dragon boy was born. Arman orders Mira to leave so that she will avoid this fate. Without Mira, Arman does not know how to continue living.
Mira returns home. While preparing for her wedding with Igor, Mira realizes that she loves Arman and cannot live without him. While on the boat, Mira sings the ritual song to call the dragon. Arman hears the song as he is ending his life and changes into the dragon. He recaptures Mira and brings her to the island intending to burn her. Mira does not show fear to the dragon and confesses her love for him. This allows Arman to finally control himself as a dragon.
Years later, Mira and Arman live together on the island, their daughter, is a human. Mira flies on her dragon-husband, he is no longer dangerous to her, and they live happily ever after.