Raaz 3

The story revolves around Shanaya (Bipasha Basu), an actress at the height of her success. She gets offered the best roles and wins all the awards she is nominated for. In addition, she also has a passionate affair with a handsome director named Aditya (Emraan Hashmi). This all ends when a younger actress, Sanjana (Esha Gupta) entered the film industry. In place of Shanaya, Sanjana comes into spotlight and begins to snatch away her awards. Suddenly, Shanaya seems forgotten and everybody only wants to work with Sanjana. Soon enough, Shanaya sees her career fading away and her envy slowly becomes craziness. She begins to turn to black magic and makes it her goal in life to destroy Sanjana's career and make her the pain of loss.
She seeks help of her uncle sonu (Sunil Dhariwal), a tantrik who helps her to practice black magic and calls upon an evil entity, Tara Dutt (Manish Choudhary). She asks him to make Sanjana's life a living hell. Tara agrees to help haunt and torture Sanjana until she becomes suicidal. He asks Shanaya to give her a black poison through a person she trusts. Shanaya seduces Aditya to do it for her and whenever he feels guilty, she makes him accept again. Aditya, whose sympathy for Sanjana has turned into love, leaves Shanaya and refuses to listen her any more. Now Shanaya must work on her own to defeat the power of love.
Somehow, to try to end Aditya and Sanjana's love triangle, Shanaya hatches a plan by befriending Sanjana in order to poison her which Aditya gets suspicious about. At a movie premiere, Shanaya reveals that she actually hid the poison in the chocolate basket she gave to Sanjana earlier. In the bathroom, Sanjana is attacked by a swarm of moths that cause her to strip naked of her dress and run back into the party, thus getting exposed by the paparazzi. Her career is ultimately ruined as the public wrongly believed this to be a deliberate publicity stunt of hers. Aditya takes her to the Hospital and finds out that Shanaya was behind this. In rage, Aditya visits Shanaya's house and damages her things, taking away the last bit of the poisonous water. Agitated, Shanaya seeks Tara Dutt's help again, wanting to kill Sanjana. Tara Dutt tells Shanaya that life and death are in God's hands and that to fight God he'll need her life force. He tells Shanaya that she has to have sex with him to enable Tara to become powerful, to which Shanaya agrees. At the hospital, with the help of the doctor and a saint, Aditya goes into the spirit world to fight Tara Dutt, defeating him and rescuing Sanjana's soul. Back in the real world, Shanaya suffers damage as a result of the fight between Tara Dutt and Aditya and attempts to kill Aditya and Sanjana, only to meet failure. Aditya protects Sanjana from the defeated Shanaya who vows that she will remain a star and commits suicide by pouring acid on her head causing her skin to melt to death. Later, the media puts Sanjana off the hook as they conclude her 'publicity stunt' was a result of a nervous breakdown she had due to a lot of stress. However Aditya turns off the TV, not bothering on that, and focuses more on spending his time with Sanjana.