Manchivadu

Chandra (Vanisri) is a poor girl and lives with her ailing mother. Once when she is out for buying medicine for her mother a goon tries to outrage her modesty and follows till her house. Satyam (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) is also a poor youth. Incidentally, he comes across Chandra and saves her from the clutches of the goon. On the request of the dying old lady, Satyam promises to take care of her daughter. In order to keep his promise, Satyam takes care of Chandra. However, soon society starts questioning about their relationship. In a fit of rage, Satyam marries Chandra in a temple. The newly-wedded woman knows nothing about her husband and thus asks him about his work and designation. He tells her that he works in Ratan Mahal in different position according to the demand of the situation.
But unfortunately, he is the owner of Ratan Mahal Anand, having six-year-old daughter Rani (Baby Sumathi) and his wife Lalitha (Kanchana) is a mental patient who is under treatment in a psychiatric center. Raju (Satyanarayana) is a gang leader and forces young girls to blackmail rich men and Anand is in search of him with help of his friend Chakram (Raja Babu).
After some time Chandra gives birth to a baby boy and Lalitha recovers from her mental illness. However, doctor warns that any kind of shock would affect her health again. After returning home, Lalitha insists on visiting a temple. Inside the temple premises, Rani gets lost and coincidentally, Chandra takes her back to her mother. For this act of kindness, Lalitha develops the friendship with Chandra and invites her to Ratan Mahal. Both the ladies also talk about their respective husband. Things take a shocking turn when Chandra's baby is ill and reaches Ratan Mahal to find her husband Satyam playing the role of Anand, the husband of Lalitha and the boss of the Ratan Mahal. She accuses him of cheating both the women. After recalling doctor's warning about not giving any shock to Lalitha, he denies about playing the double role. He tells Chandra that he is Anand and doesn’t know anything about her.
Later, Chandra leaves a letter for her husband informing him about their son's death and goes missing. On the other hand, Anand needs to visit Bangalore for accomplishing his secret mission of finding the murderer. Lalitha insists on going with him. He couldn’t deny the request and thus takes his wife and daughter to Bangalore. They checked in a hotel where Anand receives a call from his assistant regarding their secret mission. Lalitha hears their conversation and she again falls ill. Anand calls for a doctor. He is shocked to see Chandra as the nurse, who is known as Sita.
Finally, Anand is about to succeed in his mission when Raju informs him that his wife and daughter are kidnapped. Anand and Chakram come to the kidnapper and finally, Raju is arrested. Now, the case is in the court where Anand (another Akkineni Nageswara Rao) is standing in the witness box and narrates a story. Once Anand and Lalitha visit their estate where they met with an accident a person look-alike of him, Satyam saved the baby. Then Anand came to know that he was Satyam and works as a laborer in their estate. Meanwhile, Anand sees that Lalitha was lying unconscious on the road. Anand asks Satyam to take care of the baby and sets out to take Lalitha to a doctor. On the way, his ex-girlfriend Mala stops his car and demands a heavy ransom. She calls him to a hotel to receive the money. In the hotel, she tells Anand about Raju, who had actually forced her to blackmail him. At the same time, Raju arrived, shot her died and blame comes on Anand. Now, Anand asks Satyam to act as Anand and to stay at the Ratan Mahal. Satyam promised that he would never let anyone know about the name exchange. After listening to Anand, the judge frees him and gives death sentence to the criminal Raju. At the end, Anand and Satyam decide to stay together like two brothers.