Hindi Medium

Raj Batra (Irrfan Khan) is a rich businessman from Delhi staying with his wife Mita (Saba Qamar). They studied in a Hindi Medium school but want their 5-year-old daughter, Pia (Dishita Sehgal), to be admitted to one of the top schools in Delhi. The top school, 'Delhi Grammar School', has a condition that they will admit students who reside within 3 km radius, so the family moves to Vasant Vihar.
Later they realise that parents are interviewed for the admission. They go to a consultant, Shikha (Tillotama Shome), who grooms them for the interview. However, Raj fails to deliver his tutored answers in the interview and gets exposed. As a result, their daughter gets rejected by all the schools. Raj tries all sorts of ploys but none of his tricks succeed.
Raj and Mita learn from their employee how he got his daughter admission through Right To Education (RTE) quota. Raj takes the help of a tout after he assures that he can rig the lottery process through which students are selected. But just as the couple is about to enjoy their success, a news report exposes the manipulation of the RTE quota by rich parents. Raj and Mita panic, as the only option before them is to actually start living the life of a poverty stricken family at the address which they had filled in the form.
Their neighbours, Shyam Prakash Kori (Deepak Dobriyal) and his wife Tulsi, help them through their ordeals without knowing the truth, despite having limited means. One day a teacher from 'Delhi Grammar School' arrives to do a background verification. He catches the bluff of Raj but Shyam saves him by telling that he may be a victim of circumstances. The couple convinces the teacher on his second visit, who tells them to arrange Rs. 24000 as extracurricular charges. Late in the night Shyam sees Raj in the ATM and thinks he is trying to steal money. Shyam stops him from taking the money and instead gets himself hit by a SUV to extort money from the car owner.
Piya eventually gets admission, but Mohan (Angshuman Nandi), the son of Shyam does not get selected. Raj and his family leave the home and return to their Vasant Vihar home. The couple goes to the school where Mohan is studying, to sponsor his studies. After watching the state of affairs, they donate a substantial amount to renovate it and get new books. Shyam after watching his son becoming fluent in English meets the principal and through him gets the address of the donor. Although he gets angry after knowing the reality, he cools down after watching Pia in the school. Raj's guilt takes over and in spite of Mita's resistance, he meets the school principal (Amrita Singh) to cancel his daughter's admission. The principal concerned with the reputation of the school at stake does not agree to his proposal. Eventually Raj gives a moving speech in the auditorium and walks away from the school. Later Raj and Mita send Piya to the government run Hindi Medium school where Mohan studies.