I'm Yours

On the verge of his thirtieth birthday, Robert (Rossif Sutherland), a wealthy Wall Street broker, grieves his latest relationship gone awry and questions a loss of meaning and purpose to his career. Disenchanted with his life, he liquidates his assets and celebrates his newfound freedom that night in a Manhattan bar where he spots the mysterious, attractive Daphne (Karine Vanesse). Under the influence of alcohol and prodded on by his older mentor Phil (Don McKellar), Robert attempts to make a pass at Daphne only to be surprised by her responsiveness. The attraction between the two grows and soon they are off to a motel for a night of impassioned love-making infused with a hefty dose of drugs and alcohol.[3][4][5]
Early the next morning, Daphne prepares to leave but hesitates when she discovers Robert’s tote bag filled with cash. She blackmails Robert into posing as her fiancé and travelling to North Bay to visit her parents. Later that morning, Robert awakens hungover in the passenger seat of his own car, to discover Daphne's ploy.[6] Robert reluctantly relents to playing along as they reach the border crossing. Soon the two are traversing the Canadian wilderness with Daphne at the wheel of Robert's hatchback.
After a period of time, the car radiator breaks down, forcing Daphne to pull over on a deserted portion of the highway. The pair eventually wave down a passing car, whose driver agrees to take them as far as Pembroke. At a pitstop, Daphne phones home, telling her mother she is engaged to be married and arranges for her and Robert to have lunch with her parents the next day. Daphne reveals to Robert that her parents kicked her out of the house ten years ago and that she has not spoken to her father since.
Their driver drops them off at a motel, where Daphne tries unsuccessfully to seduce Robert. Robert calls his mentor Phil, who claims he hired Daphne to hook up with Robert as a birthday present. The next morning Robert confronts Daphne who admits Phil had indeed hired her to sleep with Robert. On the bus to North Bay, Daphne apologizes to Robert, telling him she will return the money after they meet her parents. Daphne reveals her real name is Marie.
Upon reaching the bus terminal, Daphne/Marie returns the valise of cash to Robert, who, afraid he has been duped by Daphne/Marie, abruptly announces he is heading back to New York City. Daphne/Marie goes alone to her parents’ house while Robert realizes Daphne/Marie had kept her promise and his money had been left untouched. Robert shows up late at the door and plays the part of Daphne’s fiancé.
Later, Daphne/Marie reveals she has a daughter, Natalie, and she and Robert go to visit Natalie at Sunday school. Daphne/Marie encounters Natalie but leaves shortly thereafter to catch a bus back to Manhattan. At the bus terminal, Daphne/Marie and Robert prepare to buy their tickets when Daphne’s father walks in accompanied by her mother and Natalie. Her father reveals her mother asked him to come to the bus terminal after Natalie called them. Daphne/Marie reconciles with her father and Natalie urges her mother Daphne/Marie to stay. Daphne/Marie and Robert agree. The movie closes with a reunited Daphne/Marie, Natalie, and Robert standing outside the bus terminal, gazing at a flock of geese soaring across the sky. Daphne/Marie and Robert look deeply into each other's eyes and smile.