Down Periscope

Lt. Commander Thomas Dodge (Kelsey Grammer) is about to be passed over a third time for his own nuclear submarine. The reasons given are (1) his unorthodox command methods, (2) an unfortunate "brushing" incident with a Russian submarine, and (3) the rumor of a genital tattoo he acquired after getting blind drunk following that incident. Failure to secure a submarine will result in Dodge being dropped from the navy's command program.
During his career, Dodge has made an enemy of Rear Admiral Yancy Graham (Bruce Dern), who strongly speaks out against Dodge's promotion. Vice-Admiral Dean Winslow, ComSubLant (Rip Torn) likes Dodge and his unorthodox methods. A war game is planned to test the navy's defenses against attack from older Soviet diesel-powered submarines in the hands of America's enemies. Among the defenses being tested is the Navy's latest submarine and Dodge's prior billet U.S.S. Orlando, headed by his former CO Commander Carl Knox (William H. Macy) Dodge is selected to put the World War II-era Balao-class diesel sub USS Stingray (SS-161) back in commission as the war game's Opposing Force. Winslow tells him to "throw out the book" and "think like a pirate", promising Dodge that if he can sink a target ship in Norfolk Harbor, Dodge will be considered for a command.
Graham handpicks a "crew from hell" for Stingray: hot-tempered, uptight Lt. Martin Pascal (Rob Schneider) as the Executive Officer; crusty civilian naval contractor Howard (Harry Dean Stanton) as Chief Engineer; rebellious Engineman 1st Class Brad Stepanek (Bradford Tatum); sharp-eared Sonarman 2nd Class E.T. "Sonar" Lovacelli (Harland Williams); compulsive gambler Seaman Stanley "Spots" Sylvesterson (Jonathan Penner); former college basketball player Seaman Jefferson "R.J." Jackson (Duane Martin); shock-addled Electrician's Mate Nitro (Toby Huss); and not-so-Culinary Specialist Second Class Buckman (Ken Hudson Campbell) as Stingray's cook. Knowing the sub is unsuited for mixed-gender living, Graham also selects Lt. Emily Lake (Lauren Holly) to serve as the sub's Diving Officer, the only woman aboard.
Using unorthodox tactics and an Atlantic storm, Dodge and his crew sneak into Charleston Harbor and set off signal flares. Now desperate to defeat Dodge, Graham reduces the war game containment area by half without Winslow's authorization. Failing to penetrate Norfolk Harbor, Dodge leaves the containment area and heads out to sea. Irate at this lapse in protocol, the strident, by-the-book Pascal attempts to take command of the Stingray; the crew does not support his action, so Dodge charges Pascal with mutiny. Wearing mock-buccaneer outfits and talking like pirates, Dodge and crew force the blindfolded XO to walk the plank into the raised fishing net of a waiting trawler that will take him ashore.
During Stingray's second attempt at Norfolk, Graham assumes personal control of the Orlando. Dodge employs an incredibly dangerous maneuver to sneak past the ships and aircraft protecting Norfolk. Orlando is able to locate and chase her down. Before the Orlando's shooting solution is obtained, Dodge is able to fire two live torpedoes at 900 yards into the anchored target ship at Norfolk, winning the war game for Stingray.
Returning to port, Graham is chastised by Admiral Winslow and denied his promotion. After confiding that Engineman Stepanek is actually his son, using his mother's name, Winslow informs Dodge that he will not get a Los Angeles-class submarine, as previously discussed, but a new Seawolf-class submarine (the US Navy's most advanced attack submarines), plus a proper crew. Dodge respectfully requests that his entire Stingray crew be transferred with him. He then dismisses his crew to begin a well-earned shore leave. As Dodge and Lake leave the dock, she poses a query now that they know each other: "What exactly is this 'tattoo' I keep hearing about?".