Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi

Chinna thambi (Prabhu) and Periya thambi (Sathyaraj) are brothers who work in a spinning mill in Booluvampatii, on the outskirts of Coimbatore district. They live with their grandmother. Though the brothers quarrel often, they are always together and love each other. Suddenly,their mother's younger brother visits them after 20 years. Both brothers fall in love with their uncle's daughter Kavitha (Nadia) and try to woo her. But Kavitha's parents deny the alliance as the brothers are neither rich nor educated. Kavitha and her family are sent out of the village by the grandmother due to this refusal. She also prohibits the brothers to visit her son on any personal cause.
Kavitha is initially arranged to marry a wealthy man, who happens to be the only son of the mill owner, where the brothers work. hence both of them go to chennai to work in the wedding. On the wedding day, Kavitha's parents die in a car accident while on the way to the marriage hall.On his deathbed, Kavitha's father mentions about the debts in his in and passes away. All of her properties are sold off to repay the debt and the wedding is called off due to her being poor. The brothers take kavitha back to coimbatore and she begins to appreciate their simple life style, and starts to live with her uncles and grandmother. Both brothers again try to woo kavitha. Periya thambi even cuts sandalwood to buy some luxuries for kavitha, which she rejects. Then Periya thambi is arrested by the police and their grandmother dies due to heart-attack. Periya thambi serves a 3 month term and is released. Eventually kavitha falls in love with chinna thambi,meanwhile Periya thambi happens to rescue a widow Thayamma from dire straits, and falls for her.
The mill owner tries to get kavitha as his concubine and is beaten black and blue by the brothers. Both of them are fired and chinna thambi is jailed for 1 month as penalty. Periya thambi arranges for their wedding, and also thayamma's family accept for her remarriage. But on the day of wedding, kavitha is kidnapped by mill owner's son and the local landlord. Periya thambi goes to rescue her and see the owner's son attempting to rape kavitha. Hence he beats all of them and kills both the mill owner's son and the local landlord. This is not revealed to kavitha and chinna thambi and their wedding goes on successfully. Police come to arrest Periya thambi and he marries thayamma and immediately surrenders to police. He is given a 10 year sentence and he completes the term. after he returns, he sees his house developed and his wife waiting. As he starts to consummate his marriage, he hears a sound and finds that only then, his brother has also decided to consummate his marriage with kavitha only then. All is well.