Sarvopari Palakkaran

Jose Kaithaparambil Mani (Anoop Menon) is from Pala but works as a Circle-Inspector of Police in Thrissur. He is engaged to a college going student Linta(Anu Sithara). Being a man with cultural values, he expects his would be to be a traditional type. While his father (Alencier Ley Lopez), who is a bar manager and friend Joymon try to ensure that Linta is the perfect match for Jose.
A Bangladeshi lady, Naina, who was kept in custody and severely molested by Mani Swami, somehow manages to escape and reach police. Police then starts their hunt for Mani Swami. However Mani Swami cleverly escapes leaving the black mark on police. Naina was placed in a shelter home and there she spends her time in painting and writing poems.
Anupama is a social worker and drama artist. C.I Jose happens to see Anupama walking alone to her hostel at midnight 12:30 a.m on the road and stops her. Though she insisted that she will walk to her hostel, Jose stops her. When an auto comes, she refrain to enter the auto citing the reason that the auto driver is a stranger. This enrages Jose and she puts her into police custody. When his sub-ordinates at the police station identifies Anupama as the one who created news during the "Kiss of Love" protest, they suggest Jose to free her, as keeping her in custody will create more problems in the morning. Anupama firmly says that she has to be dropped at the hostel by C.I Jose. When S.I Rameshan persuades, Jose agrees and drops her at her P.G.
Mani Swami again lands in Thrissur, however he attacks and injures a police officer and escapes. Besides running behind Mani Swami, Jose and Anupama meet at various circumstances, and once Jose even takes her into custody for immoral traffic. This became a social issue, and Jose was suspended by ASP Chandra Sivakumar for creating such a problem. He was also taken off from Naina's case. But as time passes by Jose and Anupama become closer. Mani Swami still carries out his process of transporting young girls to other countries.
ASP Chandra Sivakumar calls Jose for a personal meeting at her flat. Jose uses the opportunity to invite her for his wedding with Linta. He was shocked to hear that Anupama is having calls with Mani Swami having very short durations. He is then reassigned to Naina's case to trap Mani Swami.