Closing the Ring

Rural Michigan, 1991, and Marie delivers the eulogy at the funeral of her father Chuck, a World War II Army Air Force veteran. The church is full of veterans who knew and loved her father, though her mother Ethel Ann (Ethel) is sitting out on the church porch, smoking and nursing a hangover. Ethel is totally indifferent about Chuck's death, which only her friend Jack seems to understand. Marie is furious with her mother and with her implication that she slept with many of the veterans when they were all young, but then Ethel relents and says that was always faithful. It quickly emerges that there is a lot Marie does not know about her mother's past and the true story of her love life.
The movie flashes back to a young Ethel. She is in love with a young farmer, Teddy Gordon, who builds a farmhouse with his best friends Jack and Chuck. Her parents think she is dating "good old reliable" Chuck (all three boys are in love with her), but within days of the Pearl Harbor attack, she has accepted Teddy's gold ring and unofficially married him – with Jack and Chuck as their witnesses. The three young men fly out the next day. Teddy and Jack are stationed at RAF Langford Lodge near Belfast, where Jack eventually plans to propose to Eleanor, an Irish tart.
The story jumps to Jimmy, Eleanor's young adult grandson, in 1991 Belfast. Jimmy wanders across local elder Michael Quinlan, who is digging for wreckage of a crashed B-17 on nearby Black Mountain. Jimmy later finds a ring near the site, becoming determined to return it to the woman from the "Ethel & Teddy" inscription, with the U.S. VA identifying an Ethel that crash victim Teddy Gordon left his belongings to.
Inadvertently caught up in The Troubles, Jimmy flees Belfast, travelling to Michigan to give Ethel the ring. Ethel reveals a wall covered in souvenirs of Teddy, which Jack and Chuck boarded up for her shortly after Teddy's June 1944 death. Marie is shocked and furious to learn that her mother still mourns for Teddy, finally understanding why Ethel thoughtlessly shut out Marie and Chuck. Jack later fills her in on the full story, including his own three failed marriages (his son, Pete, soon realizes that Jack always loved Ethel), Ethel's refusal to leave the house the friends built, and her finally marrying Chuck after ten years.
Ethel Ann travels to Belfast with Jimmy. As she holds the hand of a dying British soldier caught in an IRA car-bomb attack, Quinlan confesses to Ethel Ann that, as a teenager, he was on Black Mountain when Teddy died. Teddy made Quinlan promise to give her the ring and tell her that she must be free to make her own choice in love. A tearful Quinlan tells her he should have reached out to her back then, and that he spent 50 years looking for the ring that was lost in the final blast that killed Teddy, regretfully (now) thinking she needed it as much as she needed Teddy's dying words. Joining Ethel in Belfast, Jack finally admits that he has always loved her. Ethel is finally able to cry and properly grieve for Teddy. She and Jack embrace each other lovingly, completing her sweep through Teddy and his two best friends.