Northern Limit Line

In June of 2002, as the 2002 FIFA World Cup was taking place, the North Korean Navy deployed 3 fishing boats with North Korean spies abroad. When the fishing boats crossed over the Northern Limit Line, the South Korean Navy apprehended the boats and their men. Not knowing the North Koreans were actually spies, the higher ranking officials ordered their release. After returning to North Korea, the spies reported and made plans to attack South Korea. Days later, officials from North Korea ordered it's Navy to enter South Korean waters and survey South Korean Navy's patrol ship. The South Korean Ministry of Defense was notified about this but was ordered by the Blue House not to engage in fire or warn with firearm, in order to keep the Sunshine Policy. Again, the North Korean Navy crossed the NLL, this time with patrol boats. Immediately they were spotted on radar and the South Korean Navy sent patrol boats to warn North Korea. After being warned, and almost collision with the two country's boats, the North Korean Navy patrol boats returned to their country. When they returned, the North Koreans reported to their commanders the survey of the South Korean patrol boats. The South Korean Ministry of Defense was alerted again that the North Korean Navy was going to attack. On 29 June 2002, the South Korean Ministry of Defense ordered the Navy patrol boats to just patrol, without notifying them about North Korea's new actions. On the same day at 9:37 am, the South Korean Navy detected North Korean action at the NLL. After being notified, the ROK SECOND Fleet ordered the Navy patrol boats not to fire unless North Korea fires. The South Korean Navy sent warnings. The North Korean boats refuse to retreat and continue to follow the South Korean boats. At 10:25 am, the North Korean Navy fired to the South Korean Navy patrol boats. In the end of the battle, 4 were announced dead and 19 wounded. Days after the end of the battle, the helmsman's body is found tied to the steering wheel of the boat. 22 days later, one of the injured died due to his wounds. The movie ends with a scene showing the sailors cheering for their country's soccer team.