Chenkol

Sethumadhavan (Mohanlal) is released after serving an imprisonment of seven years in central jail for murdering Keerikadan Jose, a hardcore criminal. Though it was an accident, which he did to save his life, the society is not ready to accept it. For them, he is now a hardcore criminal, who had killed someone who ruled the streets for long years. Up on release, Sethu visits the medical college to meet his younger brother who is doing a course in medicine. But his brother responds coldly and openly ask him not to make any visit as it may hurt his reputation. Sethu realizes that the world around him has undergone a severe change. At home, though his mother (Kaviyoor Ponnamma) is too happy to see him, his father Achuthan Nair (Thilakan) is not too keen to have him at home. Achuthan Nair, who always wanted Sethu to be a police inspector broke down completely after Sethu's conviction and has turned into an alcoholic. Remorseful Sethu looks forward to building up a life outside jail, but fails to find a job due to the tag of 'ex-convict' labelled on him. Sethu tries to catch up with his old friend Najeeb (Maniyan Pillai Raju), who tells him about the present physical condition of Parameshwaran (Johny), whom Sethu had severely assaulted in a bid to save his own life. Fully paralysed, Parameshwaran now runs a cycle repair shop with the help of his wife and daughter. Sethu meets Parameshawaran, who, now is now a completed changed man. With the help of Parameshwaran, Sethu begins selling fish for a living.Keerikadan Jose also had an affair with another woman(Santhi Krishna) and thereby two children,Indu (Surbhi Javeri Vyas) and his brother.The illegitimate wife and children of Keerikadan suffer severe threatening by Keerikadan's family all the time after his death.The siblings of Keerikadan, who were looking for a chance to revenge on Sethu, attack him violently.He is saved by Indu, who happens to be the illegitimate daughter of Keerikadan. She expresses sympathy for him and encourages him to live a new living. Once, in a bid to escape from the brothers of Keerikadan, Sethu beats them up. Achuthan Nair blames Sethu and asks him to stay away from house, which he agrees to. But in no time, he realizes that for his surroundings, he is still a criminal. The local police officer warns Sethu for no reason and humiliates him which creates deep mental anguish to him. Sethu undergoes deep psychological torture, which slowly transforms him to another person. To counter the attacks from the Keerikadan family, Sethu becomes a thug of a local businessman. He slowly becomes a hardcore criminal and has several criminal cases pending in the police station, but overcomes them with the help of local politicians.With time,his relationship with Indu grows and he asks her mother for her hand in marriage, which she refuses flatly citing that he is a criminal whose life has no guarantee. This incident strikes him deeply and he decides to change. In the meantime, Sethumadhavan shockingly finds out that his sister, under the veil of drama acting, is into prostitution, that too with their father acting as the pimp. This deals him a severe mental blow and he reacts violently to his father. Achuthan Nair, unable to face his son, commits suicide by hanging himself on the ceiling fan. Sethumadhavan now shifts back to his old village with the rest of his family and starts farming. Slowly, Keerikadan's illegitimate wife agrees to get Indu married to Sethu, but their teenager son maintains a bitter hatred towards Sethu. Karadi Antony, the younger brother of Keerikadan is now released from jail and is back to avenge his brother's death.He hunts down Sethu and Indu's family, but is killed by Sethu.But he is shocked when the illegitimate son of Keerikadan (brother of Indu) at this crucial moment stabs Sethu, whereby he passes out. Sethu advises him to run away from the spot to save himself, else he too will end up as another criminal out of circumstances. Just watching him running away, Sethu closes his eyes. At the time of his death he thinks, "The story of a prince without a crown and a sceptre ends here".