Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya

Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya revolves around two twists of fate with Ms. Ashi - one with mistaken identity and the other is a Bank robbery/fraud/embezzlement case and subsequent arrest warrants.
Ashi is a free-spirited young woman who was born and raised in a very traditional and conservative Indian family who prefer arranged marriages to love-marriages. Now, as she is twenty-five years old - her family has arranged her marriage to Rohit Malhotra, son of family friends, now established in business and thus, will be residing permanently in Switzerland as - Mr. & Mrs. Malhotra.
Respecting her father's guidance and wishes/customs, Ashi agrees to the marriage proposal, on the condition that she be allowed to meet her fiance Rohit anonymously and get a chance to closely observe his character and personality. Ashi's father obliges to this condition and Ashi soon sets off to Switzerland to meet the potential suitor - Rohit Malhotra.
While she is there, she learns that Rohit is away on an emergency business meeting and nobody can say exactly when he is expected to return, so Ashi stays in Switzerland for a few months - waiting for him, and in the meanwhile she meets a man called Bobby, who is smitten by her beauty and makes friends with her. He soon finds out from her that she is frustrated in her failed attempt meet Rohit. Later after a week, Bobby can not help himself as his heart pines for her as his wife, so he disguises himself as Rohit and tells her that he is the Rohit she has been searching/waiting for all these months!
Ashi is happy that at last she gets a chance to meet Rohit before marriage, even though it was not as she planned (as anonymous), and after a few more weeks, Ashi begins to love this new character, but then she finds out from Rohit's accomplices that Rohit is still on his emergency trip and therefore, Bobby's real identity- that he is BOBBY not ROHIT. Anyway, she does not care and laughs it all off as she is already in love with Bobby and is ready to move on in life.
Upon their return to India, Ashi explains to her family that she met BOBBY instead of ROHIT (who was and still is away on emergency business meeting) and wants to marry BOBBY, not ROHIT. Ashi's family are at first, reluctant but then immediately after a few weeks, Bobby's family comes with a marriage proposal for Ashi.
As the two families meet, greet and agree for the preparations of the soon-to-be marriage, Bobby's mother (Beena Banerjee) introduces herself as the BANK manager of the Bank in which ASHI's father (Kailashnath) is involved in a fraud/embezzlement, Bank robbery case for which a trial is on-going.
In the coming months before the wedding takes place, Kailashnath is summoned to appear before the Court in relation to a major fraud case and scandal involving the Bank robbery - in which Bobby's mother testifies that Kailashnath is one of the ringleaders.
When the story gets this far, Kailashnath immediately and furiously cancels his daughter Ashi's marriage to Bobby. Furthermore, he arranges Ashi's marriage to Rohit.
After a whole other twist to the film, the story ends up happily with Ashi marrying her soulmate BOBBY, not ROHIT.