Bakita Byaktigato

The film has been made in a documentary style. This film is about a man's search for a partner. Pramit, an independent filmmaker who is yet to experience the spell of love in his otherwise not-so exciting life, starts shooting a documentary film on love. His exploration leads him to the baffling knowledge of an unforetold mysterious village, existent on what is believed to be the threshold of reality and fantasy. If anyone ever reaches there, stumbling upon a series of coincidences, cannot steer clear of the cupid’s arrow, and readily falls in love. Pramit, along with his cameraman starts looking for the village and subsequently passes through a succession of events which can be termed nothing but magical! Love, with all its colours – sublime as well as physical - doesn’t fail to come his way too, or, does it really? (Synopsis Written by Sougata Purakayastha) [3]
A standout Bengali indie feature Author: Mahadyuti Adhikary 25 September 2013
Bakita Byaktigoto (Rest is Personal) is standout film because of its endearing and lucid simplicity. Most of the new-age Bengali films these days overuse and abuse the term surreal. However, Bakita Byaktigoto is rooted very much in the real, wrapped in a fairy tale bubble, with its fascinating docu-narrative blurring the boundaries between fantasy and reality. Riwtik, the lead protagonist, on an incredible quest for a seemingly intangible pursuit of love, steers the story on his able shoulders with a remarkable sense of economy in effortless acting and infectious honesty. Amit Saha and Aparajita Ghosh Das also play out their roles with astounding competence. Sumptuous camera-work, bearing the director's stamp of innate effective minimalism, and the score by Anindya Sundar Chakraborty, transiting from earthy notes to modern sound, are also worth mentioning. A laudable, stellar debut feature by Pradipta Bhattacharyya.
Sometimes it's the journey that teaches you a lot about your destination. This movie is all about a journey. A journey which will take you along and show you various aspects of love. The end of the movie will surely force you to have a deep thinking. Bakita Byaktigoto is rooted very much in the real, wrapped in a fairy tale bubble, with its fascinating docu-narrative blurring the boundaries between fantasy and reality.