Ammajan

Badshah (Manna) is a teenager whose father is Laal Mia, a electrician. His father suddenly dies in an electric accident. The family faces tremendous scarcity in the absence of only earning member. His mother, whom he calls Ammajaan (Shabnam), seeks pension money for her husband's death in his office. Then she is sent to the house of a top class officer of that office assuring that that officer may donate her some money. In the house, the officer eventually rapes her. Discovering her mother molested, Badshah becomes wrathful and kills that officer by stabbing with a Vojaali (dagger). He and his mother is punished by 14 years imprisonment. After 22 years Badshah becomes a criminal kingpin, but his wealth cannot make her mother happy. She never talks with his son due to that shameful event of past. Badshah is extremely obedient to his mother, and works as a vigilante who brutally punishes rapers and woman-molesters.
During a relief work in floods, Ammajaan sees Rina, a young varsity student who is daughter of ex-minister Aziz Ahmed (Miju Ahmed), and engaged to his lover Mijan (Amin Khan). Ammajaan secretly wish a daughter-in-law like her. Hearing this, Badshah chases to Rina's house and demand her for his wedding. Aziz Ahmed hets frightened, and summons Kalam (Dipjol), another notorious gangster, who was once Badshah's friend, Kalam threatens Badshah, but became unsuccessful. Meanwhile, Badshah rescues a raped girl, Kusum, and engages her with his best friend Nabab. Kalam employs a thug to plant time bomb in Badshah's car. During an outing with car, the bomb blasts with Kusum, taking her life, but Badshah and Nabab survives by luck.
Badshah is informed by his old mate Siddhi Faruk, a weapons dealer that Kalam was the culprit behind this, Badshah seeks revenge by hunting Kalam down, but Ammajaan compels him to spare Kalam. Kalam kills Faruk for helping Badshah. Meanwhile Rina tries to fly to USA with Mijan, but Badshah abducts her and brings her to his house for wedding. When Badshah goes out for wedding shopping, Rina explains her situation to Ammajaan. Ammajaan did not know these matters, so she understands and assures her safety. Meanwhile, Kalam visits Badshah's house in search of Rina, and shoots Ammajaan, escaping with Rina. Rina sits for wedding with Mijan immediately. Badshah comes home and hears Ammajaan's condition, hurries to hospital. Realizing that her mother is critically sick and would be happy if he appears with bride Rina, he runs to Rina's wedding. He faces vicious attack by Kalam's gang, but manages to escape with Rina, and requests her for just showing up in front of his mother. Rina agrees, and the come to hospital.
Injured but alive Kalam also chases them in hospital, and shoots Badshah from back. Kalam is shot to death by Nabab, and Badshah somehow appears to Ammajaan and request her to talk and smile. Ammajaan does, and tells him to send Rina back to his husband Mijan. Mijan arrives with Aziz Ahmed, and Badshah hands Rina over to them. When police arrives to arrest him, Badshah declares that no force in world can catch him but The Almighty. Saying this, Badshah dies in the hand of his Ammajaan.