Aaj Ke Shahenshah

Saawan (Chunkey Pandey) and Barkha (Sonam) study in the same college and both of them fall in love. Along with their course of meeting, Saawan and Barkha come across Pinky (Sonika Gill), daughter of an underworld don Kanchan Seth (Raza Murad). Pinky falls for Saawan, who is already in love with Barkha, who are getting ready get married. Saawan and Barkha have also decided to make their guardians meet each other to finalize marriage. So Barkha brings her brother Vikram / Vicky (Jeetendra), who is a messiah and has sworn to wipe out all evildoers. Saawan's brother is Barsati (Raj Babbar) who is a local goon. But the situation turns around when Vicky and Barsati come face to face. The moment they see each other, they get enraged and declare that this is a marriage that can never happen. Saawan and Barkha are absolutely bewildered at this strange turn of events and are at a loss of understanding till their respective brothers explain the reason behind this ferocious proclamation. Vicky and Barsati were good friends in the past, Nisha (Kimi Katkar), who lived alone with her younger brother Bunty, who was protected by Vicky and Barsati at different situations. Both of them love her, but Nisha loves Vicky, and in anger Barsati rapes Nisha, so she leaves the city with her brother. From that day Vicky and Barsati had become deadly enemies and till today, Vicky has been in search of Nisha. Even after listening to this, Saawan and Barkha decide never to part. At the same time, Kanchan Seth fixes Pinky's marriage with Saawan, but he does agree, so Kanchan Seth tries to kill Barkha, but Saawan protects her and both of them run away and accidentally take shelter with Nisha and tell their entire love story without knowing her in reality. Now Nisha tries her level best to see that Saawan and Barkha's brother reconcile, but on the other hand, Kanchan Seth promises his only daughter Pinky that he will get Saawan for her by any means, even if means doing away with anyone's life! so he hires a killer Mangal (Ranjeet), who was also sent to jail due to Nisha's complaint in past. Vicky and Barsati come to know regarding Kachan Seth's plan and they join together to protect Saawan and Barkha. Finally, Barsati dies as an expiation for his sin by uniting Vicky and Nisha.