Manchi Kutumbam

Venu Gopala Rao (Akkineni Nageshwara Rao) is a businessman who has a happy family. His family consists of an understanding wife Shantha (Shaavukaru Janaki), they have 8 children two college going daughters Mala (Vijayanirmala) Nirmala (Vijayasree), a widowed elder sister Seetamma (Hemalatha) and a nephew Pandu (Chalam) who looks after the happenings in the house. Venu Gopala Rao’s daughters fall for two handsome looking men Mohan (Krishna) and Shankar (Chandramohan) respectively. Meanwhile, Pandu loves Station Master Bhushanam's (Allu Ramalingaiah) daughter Bala (Geethanjali). Venu Gopala Rao spends the little time with the family and spends more time in business tours. One day, a young man arrives at the house claiming to be the son of Venu Gopala Rao. Shantha gets distraught knowing this and all the family members get devastated. When the family is in such mental turmoil, Venu Gopala Rao enters the scene and explains the flashback because the family members demand a strong explanation. Venu Gopala Rao was made to study by a richman (Gummadi). This rich man has two daughters Shantha and Sarada (Kanchana). Shantha secretly admires Venu Gopala Rao. Meanwhile, Sarada and Venu Gopala Rao are in love. But with the request of the rich man, Venugopala Rao marries Shantha. Sarada sacrifices her love for her beloved sister. Once Shantha and Venu Gopala Rao leave for Burma on a business tour. As it is the second world war era, due to bombing the couple gets separated. Venu Gopala Rao assumes that Shantha is dead and returns to India. In troubled circumstances, he marries Sarada too. Suddenly, Shantha comes back to India well alive. As a result, Venu Gopala Rao decides to stay with two wives without letting each other know about this. Sarada dies after giving birth to four children. Shantha realizes the truth and looks after his sister’s children equally with her own children. Right from then Venu Gopala Rao’s family becomes a happy family. The story ends on a happy note with the marriages of Venu Gopala Rao’s children