Akaash Vani

Akaash (Kartik Aaryan) is a bold and fun loving young man, while Vani (Nushrat Bharucha) is a conservative but friendly girl. They are both accepted in the same college in Delhi, and after a series of adventures, soon become friends, forming part of a group of four. Akaash and Vani eventually fall in love and embark on a four-year relationship, which is kept secret from Vani's traditional parents.
As their final year comes to an end, Akaash decides to go to the UK for his further studies. Vani returns to her home town of Dehradun to attend her sister's wedding, after which she plans to study for an M.B.A. She tells her sister about her relationship with Akaash, but her sister reacts negatively, saying that their parents would not approve. The next day, amidst the wedding preparation, Vani finds out that her sister has eloped with another man, who she was in love with but was not accepted by her parents. Vani's parents are heartbroken and have to endure the shame of their neighbors and community. In the fear of society's response, they decide to get Vani married to the son of an acquaintance. Pressured by her parents and feeling guilt over her sister's actions, Vani reluctantly agrees. She emotionally ends things with Akaash via a phone call and requests him not to try and meet her. Akaash is devastated but slowly becomes bitter and detached with time.
Vani's husband Ravi (Sunny Nijar) is an arrogant, controlling man who forcefully has sex with her every night. One night he comes home from office, removes vani clothes and has sex with her. Ravi is emotionally abusive and expects Vani to cater to his every need, but pretends to be a perfect husband in front of friends and family. He prevents her from going out, working or furthering her studies, and expects her to be a full-time housewife. After an argument, Vani returns home and reveals her unhappiness to her parents. However, they send her back to Ravi after he charms them, and ask him to consider starting a family in order to occupy Vani's time. Months go by; Vani slowly begins losing self-confidence and becomes resigned to her fate. One day, Vani's aunt and uncle unexpectedly come to visit her and suggest that she go back with them for several days to Delhi, in order to attend her college reunion. Ravi is unhappy but agrees, since he will also be away for some time on a business trip.
At the college, Vani reunites with her friends, who find her to be reserved and depressed. She also comes across Akaash, who is still bitter and hurt about their break up. He angrily confronts her and she runs away, deciding to return home that night. Her friends meet her at the train station and Akaash finally breaks down and cries, something which he has not allowed himself to do previously. Vani decides to stay. The group spend the week together, during which time they have fun and re-live their college memories. Vani and Akaash also have romance and share a kiss. Vani tells Akaash the truth about her marriage, but says that she cannot divorce Ravi because her parents won't be able to handle it, especially after her sister eloped. Akaash tells his friend that he hopes to reunite with Vani and plans to fill her days with adventures and happiness. He hopes that this will raise her spirits and give her the courage to leave Ravi. The group travel to Chandigarh where Akaash and Vani spend time alone together and rekindle their romance. The trip is cut short by a phone call from Vani's parents, requesting her to visit them. Conflicted, Vani chooses to return home and emotionally leaves her friends and Akaash behind.
Akaash decides that he can't lose Vani once again and the group follows Vani to her home. They stay happily with Vani's parents until Ravi arrives there, too. Akaash observes the way Vani assumes the role of a subservient wife and how she is ill-treated by her husband. That night, Vani finally realizes that she can no longer live with a man who cannot respect her. In front of Ravi and her friends, she reveals the truth to her parents about the rape and emotional abuse, and says that she wants a divorce. They are stunned and try to reason with her but she stands her ground. An argument breaks out and she slaps Ravi, after which he moves to hit her, only to be stopped by Akaash. Ravi realizes that the two are in love and insults Vani's parents. Vani's parents are embarrassed but she defiantly tells them that her happiness is more important than their shame, and leave the house.
Vani returns to Delhi with her friends, where she is able to finally further her studies and get her M.B.A. degree. She happily divorces Ravi and later marries Akaash.