Hotel Sahara

The Hotel Sahara, situated in a desert oasis, quickly empties when the patrons learn that Italian Army has commenced hostilities in the North African Campaign. Emad, the hotel's owner, also wants to flee, but is persuaded by his fiancee, Yasmin, to stay and try to save the hotel, all he owns. The other two members of the staff also stay: Yasmin's mother, Madame Pallas, and Yusef, the major domo.
The Italians take over the hotel, and Capitano Alberto Giuseppi is soon captivated by Yasmin's charms. His orderly is attracted to Madame Pallas. Later, however, the Italian Army suffers a defeat, and the small detachment is ordered to destroy any structures that may aid the enemy – including the hotel – and retreat. Fortunately, Emad sabotages their truck to distract them and disconnects their demolition charges just in time to save the hotel. Yusef fires into the air to speed the Italians on their way.
Next to arrive are the British. Major Randall and Captain Cheynie both vie for Yasmin's attention, while Madame Pallas flirts with the enlisted men. Randall's assignment is to recruit the Arabs to work for the British. Emad informs the major that they prefer goods, rather than money, so he sends Cheynie and Private Binns back to requisition supplies. He also orders a dozen nylons, though Cheynie lies about not being able to find any. Randall finds out when Yasmin shows off Cheynie's gift. Emad agrees to arrange a conference with the Arabs, if only to get the British to leave; Randall sends Cheynie with Emad.
While they are gone, about a dozen Germans drive up, forcing the outnumbered British to hastily leave, Randall in his bathing suit. Leutnant Gunther von Heilicke requisitions the hotel, but is (initially) immune to Yasmin's charms. He sets off Randall's booby trap, but emerges unscathed. Emad and Cheynie return to the hotel on camels, accompanied by the Arabs. Fortunately, Cheynie is dressed in native garb. Von Heilicke has the Arabs stay for a feast, then insists on being introduced to the sheiks. Before he gets to Cheynie, Yasmin provides a distraction, dressing up in the departed Fatima's costume and performing a belly dance. Cheynie sneaks away and rejoins Randall.
The Germans in turn depart after they sight a large column approaching. This time, it is the French. They bring welcome news: the war is nearly over. The Germans and the British lurk in the vicinity. Then both the German leutnant and the British major come up with the same idea, to disguise themselves as Arabs (Cheynie as a veiled woman) and reconnoiter, but by the time they arrive, the French have already gone. When the three men discover each other, they start shooting. Von Heilicke flees, after running out of bullets, chased by the other two. Just when it seems it is all over, Emad and Yasmin hear an American voice.