The Young Mr Pitt

In 1770, William Pitt the Elder gives a speech in Parliament decrying the unfair treatment of the colonists in the American colonies, then advises his second son, a youngster also named William Pitt, to avoid seeking fame through war.
Years later, King George the Third is delighted that the ministry of Charles James Fox and Lord North has fallen. However, there is no obvious replacement. To everyone's surprise, the King selects William Pitt to become the youngest Prime Minister that the United Kingdom has ever known at the age of 24, despite his opposition to the disastrous war against the American colonies and reputation as a reformer.
Pitt tries to gain Fox's support, but is rebuffed. He is ridiculed in Parliament, but despite having no majority, refuses to resign. He is even subject to a night ambush, but noted boxers Dan Mendoza and Gentleman Jackson help drive the assailants away. Reassured by the boxers' claims of strong support for him amongst the general public, Pitt calls an election on a platform of peace and prosperity, which gives him a majority. Over Fox's constant opposition, he then institutes reforms and strengthens the Royal Navy.
Intermittently, events in Napoleon's life are shown. Then the French Revolution erupts, and France sends forth her armies. When Holland is invaded, Britain becomes embroiled in the conflict. As the war drags on, Fox, the public and even Pitt's friend William Wilberforce demand that Pitt negotiate for peace. Meanwhile, Pitt discovers that he was neglected his personal finances and is now deeply in debt. Then, Napoleon seizes power in France. Certain that there can be no peace now, Pitt commits himself totally to the arduous struggle ahead, sacrificing even his love for Eleanor Eden.
He institutes a bold but risky strategy: going on the offensive in the Mediterranean and chooses Horatio Nelson to lead the naval squadron assigned the task, over more senior admirals. Napoleon sails from Toulon to invade Egypt while Nelson's blockading ships are scattered by a gale. Meanwhile, Pitt collapses from overwork and is warned by his doctor about his health. Fortunately, Nelson finds and destroys the French fleet at the Battle of the Nile. The people cheer Pitt, but years of fighting go on, and when Napoleon writes to the King, offering peace, Fox, public opinion and Pitt's health force him to resign. He also receives an announcement of Eleanor Eden's impending wedding. A peace treaty is signed, giving Napoleon time to build up his armies and his fleet. He gathers his forces on the French coast facing England.
With the looming danger of invasion, the country once more turns to Pitt. Despite the warnings of his doctor, he becomes Prime Minister again. Even Fox offers to serve under him. The decisive British victory at the Battle of Trafalgar ends the danger.