King

Raja Chandra Pratap Varma AKA King (Akkineni Nagarjuna) hails from a royal family, having taken over the legacy and riches after the death of his father Raja Ravi Chandra Varma (Sobhan Babu). King has a younger brother Ajay (Arjan Bajwa), mother (Geetha), maternal uncle (Dharmavarapu Subramanyam) and his late father's three sisters, who are married. Their husbands are Appaji (Jaya Prakash Reddy), Kona Venkat (Krishna Bhagavaan), and Gopi Mohan (Sayaji Shinde). The uncles steal money, which is for the workers. They make it look as though the employee Chandu is responsible. King believes and fires Chandu. Suddenly, King knew that the uncles hid the money in their room. He kept quiet because of his other family.
Before King leaves the airport, this mysterious guy is after King. A few days later, King and Swapna (Mamta Mohandas) are discussing something next to a graveyard. The same mysterious guy from the airport tries to shoot King, but misses. King chases Shooter to the graveyard, but Shooter suddenly disappeared. Munna (Supreeth) calls King's cellphone. King tells Munna that he's in a graveyard. Munna asks, "Are you OK?" King says, "I'm OK." Unfortunately, Swapna shoots King from behind. King sees Swapna's face. King realizes that Swapna was working with Shooter. Swapna shoots King again. King's presumed dead. Munna tells the police that King went missing. At least one day later, when the police takes Munna to Hospital Morgue, a Dead body looks like King. Munna lies to The police that none of the corpses are King's body. Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan say that Appaji's responsible for King's disappearance. Appaji escapes, and it's assumed that he's responsible. The mother believes that King's safe.
Another story thread is incorporated through the introduction of gangster Bottu Seenu (Raghu Rokara) (Akkineni Nagarjuna), who falls in love with a singer Sravani(Trisha). Sravani does not care for a wastrel like Bottu Seenu, so he poses as a software engineer named Sarath to impress her. Bottu Seenu meets real Sarath(Sunil). Shravani's elder brother Gnaneswar (Srihari) knows Bottu Seenu, but he would get mad at Bottu Seenu loving Shravani. Bottu Seenu pretends to be Sarath who wears a tie, a shirt, and pants. Gnaneshwar gets fooled too. The real Sarath imposes Bottu Seenu in front of a cop by mistake. The cop mistakes Sarath as Bottu Seenu and beats him up really bad in a hilarious way. Meanwhile, Appaji sends goons to look for King, thinking he's still alive. They run into Bottu Seenu, who thrashes them. Appaji proposes a deal to Bottu Seenu and asks him to pose as King and return to the palace. After Munna informed King's family that King disappeared, Appaji tried to escape, but he got picked up by Munna. Munna gave a picture of King's corpse, time, and day to Appaji. Appaji had nothing to do with King's murder. Once Bottu Seenu gets access to King's bank accounts, Appaji will be able to repay his debts because he borrowed much money from goons. Shravani and Gnaneshwar mistaken Bottu Seenu as Sharath again. They accompany Bottu Seenu to the palace. Swapna's none other than Chandu's daughter, but Chandu committed suicide because nobody believed that he didn't steal the money. Swapna and the mysterious shooter were hired by Bhagath Seth (Bharath Dhabolka). The mysterious shooter's Baba. Swapna's real name's Pooja. Bhagath hires Pooja to kill Ajay. Ajay brings his girlfriend Pooja to his home. Suddenly, Bottu Seenu attacks Pooja, but a few seconds later, he has no idea what happened. Gnaneshwar believes that King's spirit came to get revenge and controlled Bottu Seenu. Bottu Seenu gets engaged to Shravani. Swapna knows that it's not King who's living in the palace right now. Bhagath hires a bunch of guys including Baba to dress up in black and kill King's imposter and Ajay in the palace during the night. Bhagath Seth thinks that he shouldn't trust girls including Swapna. Bottu Seenu's controlled by King's spirit and saves Ajay from Swapna. Another twist: Ajay met Swapna right before she killed King. She feels that Ajay depends on his brother too much so he told her to kill King. 3rd twist: BS/Sharath is revealed as King. He calms his bro down. Munna captures Baba. Baba reveals his motive for planning to kill Swapna too, and Swapna is Chandu's daughter. Swapna's told what really happened that day, but doesn't kill King. The father and friends who took care of BS were Munna's people. Munna's real name is Bottu Seenu. King says that Ajay's mistake's unforgivable. King's family members are feeling sad, so he decides to leave. He dies in an explosion which takes place in his car. King's mother leaves and doesn't want anyone to look for her. Everyone else is probably still mad at Ajay. The fourth twist is that King's still alive. He reveals his plan to Shravani only. King told Bhagat's henchman, who kidnapped Ajay at the beginning of the movie: "I want you to tell me Bhagat's evil plans." After King got shot, Munna took him to the hospital. Swapna's details were fake, so they couldn't find her. He decided to play this double role drama. Bhagat's henchman/King's informer reveals the shooter's working for Bhagat too but didn't find details about Swapna. When King met his evil uncles again, none of them had nothing to do with it. King realized that Ajay was behind everything. King's informer blew up King's car after he escaped. This was King's plan too. The informer put a bomb inside Bhagat's car too, so King talks to Bhagath on the phone before Bhagat dies. King pretends to be Sarath in front of everyone else.
The final twist: Bottu Seenu/Munna's father and friends were responsible for messing up lights and pulling table with rope in King's palace. They did it to make it look like King's spirit came for revenge.