Kerintha

Jai (Sumanth Ashwin), Siddharth (Viswant) and Bhavana (Sukrithi) are childhood friends who study in same college. They are joined by Nookaraju (Parvatheesam) and Priya (Tejaswi) in the college. Soon they become a batch of cool buddies. As Nookaraju alias Nooks is a farmer’s son from a small village near Srikakulam, life in college turns out to be a culture shock for him and he finds it difficult to cope with studies. Bhavana comes to his rescue and they become thickest pals of all. Meanwhile, Sid falls in love with Priya the minute he sets eyes on her. He proposes to her with the help of friends and the touching way in which he proposes floors her, and she instantly accepts his love. Priya being a rich kid, she keeps showering gifts on Sid. She also pesters him saying she wants to meet his mom. But Sid, who is afraid of his strict mom (Pragathi), a principal of another college keeps postponing. Moreover, he also hidden the fact that he is doing music course instead of Mca course. Meanwhile, Jai rejects proposal from his classmate Tanisha revealing that he had fallen for a girl at first sight in a bus, but doesn’t know her whereabouts and his only clue is the girl’s lost Jumki (ear ring). He starts to search for her and finally tracks her with his intelligence. Manasvini (Sri Divya) is a career oriented doctor who thinks relationships are hurdles in achieving her goals. She aspires to make it big by going for higher studies in Australia. Jai has super cool parents who support his love. While Jai tries to woo Manasvini, she keeps avoiding him. Jai is an optimistic, all is well type of guy who goes by his heart. He keeps solving other people’s problems, love issues and spreads happiness around. Everyone feels and says that he spells magic in their lives and even Manaswini likes him when he helped to sort out things in her friend Sonia's marriage.
Things take a u-turn when they face the harsh realities of their respective lives . Priya plans a great birthday surprise for Sid in a mall and while everything is going smoothly Sid finds his Mom in the mall and when Priya finally wishes him he ignores her saying that he doesn't know her. Priya is completely shell shocked and though Sid tries to reason with her later she refuses and asks him to first muster enough courage to speak to his mom. Jai too goes through bad luck as Manaswini thinks that love will distract her and she is planning for higher studies in Australia and thus can't say yes to Jai. Jai ultimately bids her goodbye and continues his life with a hope she will come back.
In the case of Nooks, he falls in a trap on online crime by befriending a fake girl account on Facebook mistaking her to be his classmate Shalini and transfers his father's hard-earned money into her account. Bhavana tries to warn him but he shouts at her making her angry and distancing herself from him. Later understands that he's been cheated and tries to harass Shalini under the influence of alcohol. Shalini files a police complaint and his friends come to his rescue. He then learns the value of friendship through Jai's words. After realising his mistake he asks Bhavana to accept his apologies but she refuses.
Sid on other hand patches with Priya by saying that he has spoken to his mother and she has accepted Priya and wants her to meet the following week. In the turn of events Priya finds Sid's mom shopping in the mall and she approaches her but Sid's mom just says she doesn't know Priya and Sid's has not made any mention of her. Priya finally confronts Sid and says that she cannot tolerate any more lies and is leaving India permanently. Nooks on the other hand comes to know that Bhavana is leaving to her hometown. Jai encourages both Sid and Nooks to open up their hearts and console their loved ones without having to lose them.
Nooks reaches to bus stand and opens up his feelings to Bhavana to which she reacts positively. Mustering enough courage, Sid takes his mom to airport and says that he loves Priya and want to marry her. He also reveals about his music course. Angry at first Sid's mom agree to it and asks Priya to help her contacting her parents. In the end, it is shown Bhavana is speaking to Nooks' parents (they are married) and going to attend a marriage of Jai. At the registrar's office Manaswini turns up along with Sonia and confesses to Jai that she loves him and want to marry him. But it turns out to be marriage of Sid and Priya. Now nooks explains the actual story that he came to know that Manaswini still loves Jai through Sonia and he wanted her to open up so he lied to Manaswini that Jai is getting married to Tanisha. This with uniting couples the movie ends on happy note.