The Big Sick

Kumail is a comedian in Chicago trying to get his big break performing standup as well as a one-man show about his Pakistani background. His Muslim immigrant parents frequently set him up with young Pakistani women, expecting that he will follow their example of an arranged marriage; he is uninterested but tolerates the introductions. He also lets them believe he still shares their religious faith, though he has become agnostic.
During a standup show, Kumail is heckled by Emily, a white woman in the audience. He approaches her after the show and their one-night stand develops into a on-going relationship. Kumail does not tell his family about Emily, as they would disapprove, and his relationship with Emily is strained as he holds back, fearful of losing his family who disowned one of his cousins after he married a white woman. Emily finds pictures of the women Kumail's parents have set him up with; they argue and she asks whether he sees a long-term future with her, given his family's expectations. When he says he doesn't know, Emily ends their relationship.
Kumail learns weeks later that Emily has been taken to the hospital after having fainted. A doctor tells him that Emily has a serious lung infection and must be immediately placed in an induced coma with tracheal intubation. He signs the permission form and calls her parents, Beth and Terry. Aware of their daughter's messy breakup with Kumail, they tell him he is not needed, but Kumail stays and the three become close as they deal with Emily's illness.
Surgery is ineffective and the infection spreads to Emily's kidneys. Beth wants to transfer Emily to a different hospital, but Kumail and Terry disagree. Beth and Terry argue, and she brings up Terry's past. Terry stays at Kumail’s apartment where he reveals that he cheated on Beth and regrets it.
Kumail's parents visit his apartment, angry that he is not taking their marriage suggestions seriously. Kumail tells them that he does not want an arranged marriage and no longer practices Islam, and reveals his relationship with Emily. His parents disown him.
Moments before an audition for the Montreal Comedy Festival, Kumail learns that the infection has reached Emily's heart. Distraught on stage, Kumail spends the audition tearfully recounting his fears about Emily’s health, and fails the audition.
Emily wakes from her coma. The doctors explain she has adult-onset Still's disease, a rare and serious but treatable illness; Kumail inadvertently helped them diagnose her when he mentioned she had an ankle injury that was slow to heal. Still pained from their breakup, Emily tells Kumail to leave. Neverthless, Beth invites Kumail to Emily's homecoming party. Kumail asks Emily to take him back, but she refuses, reminding him that while he may have had a transformative experience during her illness, she was unconscious for duration and for her nothing had changed.
Kumail decides to move to New York City with two comedian friends. He tells his family about his plans and refuses to allow them to reject him. Emily discovers a video of Kumail's disastrous audition in which he spoke openly about his feelings for her and she goes to find him after his one-man show, saying she has something to tell him. But before she can, he tells her he is moving to New York City. He asks what she had wanted to tell him and she says only that she appreciates everything he did for her while she was in a coma and wishes him well in New York.
As Kumail prepares to depart for New York, his parents visit. His father tells him they are still angry, but gives him a dish of his favorite food and ask him to stay in touch. The film ends with Kumail performing in New York, where he is heckled by someone in the crowd; he sees that it is Emily.