Lavender

The film Lavender is a remake of the 2006 Korean-Hong Kong movie Daisy directed by Hong Kong filmmaker Andrew Lau of the Infernal Affairs trilogy. Although some changes are made in script and narration and introduced two new charectors Kabir Abbas, a budding film writer and his film actress friend.
The film is actually a scenic depiction of script written by Kabir Abbas(Govind Padmasoorya), as he narrates the story to his friend (Elham Mirza).
The story is happening at Bangkok, where Isha(Elham Mirza) is an artist who portrays sketches live. Ayaan (Rahman) is a resident migrated in fake name and has been residing there since then. Ayaan used to surprise Isha with bunch of lavender flowers in between. Incidentally Isha befriends Siddharth (Nishan), and mistakes him to be the person sending her Lavenders.
Isha had once been rescued, and taken to hospital after she had fallen off from a wooden bridge by someone whose identity is not yet unknown to her. Since then she has been searching for that person, and it was the same person who is presenting her with the Lavender flower bouquets now. When Isha tells that it is Siddharth who sends her the flowers, Siddharth doesn't bother to deny it, leaving Isha a feeling that it is Siddharth the person she was searching for. Siddharth reveals himself as a designer working in a graphic company. Matters go worse when Siddharth is being shot on a public place when he was with Isha. Isha also gets shot on her throat, and she was left there. Ayaan rushes to the spot and takes her to hospital. She recovers, however her voice is lost.
Ayaan then befriends Isha. However Isha reveals that she is already in love with Siddharth. They both then trace for Siddharth, however they could not find him. A recovered Siddharth, revealed to us as an Interpol officer, is being advised by his senior Raghavan(Anoop Menon) to forget his love and carry on with their duty. On her birthday, Ayaan visits her, and at the same time Siddharth also visits her, reveals her the truth that he is an Interpol officer and has been cheating her and take leave. He also notices Ayaan present there.
Based on orders from his boss Joseph Tharakan(Thalaivasal Vijay), Ayaan sets out to kill Siddharth. Despite having an opportunity of shooting Siddharth, Ayaan reveals to him that Isha still loves him and he will move out from their life. However then Siddharth is found shot to death. Isha is upset on hearing Siddharth's death. She is being consoled by Ayaan. Joseph assigns Ayaan to kill Raghavan. Ayaan was not willing to take it up. But as Joseph promises that it will be his last execution, and after that Ayaan will be free to live his own life, Ayaan takes up. Isha finds the photo of Siddharth and a gun in a brief case at Ayaans home and then concludes that Ayaan is the murderer of Siddharth and she blames him for doing the same. Grief-stricken, Ayaan surrenders to the Interpol. In a sequence of events, Isha comes to know the truth and rushes to have a glance on Ayaan. Where she protects Ayaan from a bullet and gets killed. Ayaan clears of Joseph and his colleagues and falls dead.
The story narration ends there and Kabir bids farewell to his friend after the narration. On a later day, he is surprised to see a bunch of lavender flowers on his doorstep.