Engal Swamy Ayyappan

An Ayyappan's devotee (Dasarathan) tells five different stories of Ayyappan's miracles.
The first story is about Rajaswamy (Hari Raj). Rajaswamy, an Ayyappan's devotee, is married to Usha (Sindhu) and promises to make a pilgrimage if he gets a job. He finds a job as a car driver. While he's poor and an ardent devotee, his chief (Malaysia Vasudevan) is boastful and disrespectful. Before the pilgrimage, Rajaswamy must arrange a pooja for Ayyappan. His wife sells her jewels for organize the pooja. His chief arranges the same day the pooja with boasting. The lord Ayyappan, as a child, comes in Rajaswamy's chief house and the chief insults the lord. Ayyappan comes to Rajaswamy's house, Rajaswamy welcomes with joy and Ayyappan helps him in his pooja. Ayyappan forgives the chief.
The second story is about Swamy (Anand Babu). During his pilgrimage, Someone steals his things. Swamy begins to pray lord Ayyappan. An elephant retrieves Swamy's things.
The third story is about Bhaskarswamy (Dilip). He is married to Lakshmi (Anju). He puts the Ayyapan's chain and he must eat vegetarian foods. His arrogant neighbour Sarasu doesn't care of it, cooks fishes and she feels superior. Lord Ayyappan teaches her a lesson and Bhaskarswamy forgives her.
The fourth story is about Prasanthswamy. He is married to Gowri (Kokila) and has a daughter Saumya. He was the witness of a murder. Some rowdies want to take revenge by kidnapping his daughter. In his dream, Lord Ayyappan encourages him to take with him his daughter for the pilgrimage. During the pilgrimage, Saumya gets lost and Salim Bhai (Nagesh), an old Muslim man, returns her to his house. The rowdies hurt Saumya and Salim Bhai's grandson. To save the two children, a Christian man gives his blood.
The fifth story is about Vasuswamy (Parthiban). When he returns home after the pilgrimage, his father Sivalingam gives off him and his mother because his father has now a concubine. He finds a job in a butcher shop. The innocent Vasu is later arrested for killing his father and is sentenced to the capital punishment. Before his hanging, the real culprit is caught and Vasu is saved.