Wild Child

Poppy Moore (Emma Roberts), an affluent Californian teenager, executes a wild prank to ruin all of her father's girlfriend's belongings in front of her friends, telling everyone to throw away whatever they want and take it for themselves. When her father Gerry (Aidan Quinn) arrives on the scene, he announces that he is sending her to a boarding school in England. Arriving at the school, Abbey Mount, Poppy meets the headmistress Mrs. Kingsley (Natasha Richardson), who she initially finds annoying; head girl Harriet Bentley (Georgia King), a tall, bossy girl who has two so-called "friends" named Jane and Charlotte that she treats like slaves, who follow her around, beg for her and agree with whatever she says; and her "big sister", Kate (Kimberley Nixon). Poppy's entire suitcase is left out in the rain, soaking everything. She meets the Matron and orders her to wash, dry and iron all her clothes. This lands her entire dormitory of four other girls with three Sunday's detention, leaving her with no friends and her dormmates expressing their hate to her. She is miserable in her new life, feeling that she does not fit in as an outsider.
After a small fight with Harriet in gym class, Poppy is called to the Headmistress' Office, where she is given a punishment: read a book. Sitting on a bench outside sulking, Harriet spots her and orders her "maid", an intimidated Year 7 student, to drench Poppy with dirty coffee-filled water that was being used to age Harriet's Keira Knightley costume for the school dance, but this ultimately results in Poppy and Kate starting to form a friendship. Revealing that the girls' mobile phones, confiscated earlier on, were always intended to be decoys, Kate lets Poppy use her actual phone to call her friend Ruby (Shelby Young) in the US. However, when Ruby sees Poppy's message, she is disgusted and it is revealed that Poppy's boyfriend, Roddy (Johnny Pacar), has been cheating on Poppy with her.
After Poppy reveals that her mother died several years ago in a car accident, her roommates decide to help her get expelled so that she can return home. Together they carry out several pranks, which gradually bring them closer together. When none of their plans work, they decide to seduce the headmistress's son, Freddie, who is strictly forbidden from fraternizing with any of the girls. She dances with Freddy at the school dance, much to Harriet's dismay, but Poppy trips and hits her head. This prompts Freddie to take the concussed girl outside for air, where he asks her out on a date.
The next day, Poppy discovers her talent for lacrosse and whips the school's team into shape, getting them into the finals. On the date, Poppy finds herself falling for Freddie. They kiss before returning to school. Entering her room, Poppy finds her roommates reading an email supposedly sent by herself, expressing that she thinks all of her new friends are losers. She then finds that Freddie has been sent a similar email and is thereafter ignored by all of her friends. With no one else to turn to, Poppy sneaks down to the cook's room and calls Ruby. Ruby, however, accidentally reveals how much she dislikes Poppy and the fact that she is seeing Poppy's boyfriend. Feeling even more alone, Poppy starts playing with her lighter and accidentally sets a curtain on fire. Hearing footsteps, she quickly puts out the fire and runs off. A few minutes later, she looks out her window to see a fire and immediately wakes the school.
When they find that Drippy is missing, Poppy runs into the burning school to rescue her. After the fire is put out, Freddie finds her lighter and gives it back to her, refusing to listen to what happened. Just as she realizes that she no longer wants to leave, Poppy goes to the headmistress and confesses. Afterwards, she finds a portrait of her mother in the 1976 Abbey Mount lacrosse team and begins to cry upon realizing that her mother also attended the school.
While Poppy waits for the Honour Court to decide if she should be expelled, Freddie finds her crying and becomes convinced that the fire was an accident and forgives her. During the hearing, Poppy tells her story. Meanwhile, her roommates find out that Poppy did not send the emails. Going to the Court, they stand up for Poppy, and Harriet accidentally confesses to restarting the fire after Poppy had put it out when she mentions Poppy's lighter, a fact not previously mentioned in the trial. Poppy is subsequently absolved. Poppy's father comes to the game of the lacrosse finals, and is shocked by Poppy's dramatic change in appearance and how much she looks like her mother, also captain of the lacrosse team at Abbey Mount. Abbey Mount wins the lacrosse finals and Harriet is expelled. Some months later, Poppy and her friends (including Freddie) are shown relaxing in Malibu. Poppy ignores Ruby's phone calls, now fully aware that she was not the friend she thought she was. The film ends as they prepare to jump off the cliff that helped her towards finding herself and making proper friends.