Veera

Muthuveerappan (Rajinikanth) comes to the city from his village for a song contest. He meets Ravikanth (Senthil) in the city. They both work hard for the singing contest. Muthu tells Ravikanth about how he fell in love with Devayani (Meena) and how he got her to love him. Devayani is the daughter of a song teacher in his village. He came to this contest so he could win the money and pay off the loan his mother had to the village leader. They both work together and end up winning the song contest. Muthu then goes back to his village with joy and finds out a flood had come and Devayani's house had been destroyed, it was reported that her father and her body had not been found. Muthu thinks that Devayani is dead, and is very sad. He then goes and gives the money to the village leader, paying off his mother's debt. His mother takes him to the city so that they can find a job and so that Muthu can forget about Devayani. When they reach the city Muthu finds out that his song was a big hit. Therefore, he had become very popular. The holder of the song contest (Janakaraj) calls on Muthu to come work for him. Muthu does not want to, but his mother persuades him. He then works for Janakaraj and his daughter falls in love with Muthu. Muthu who is still in love with Devayani refused to marry Janakaraj's daughter Roopa (Roja Selvamani). His mother says Devayani won't come back and she wishes to see his marriage. Therefore, he marries Roopa. Soon after the marriage she goes to the USA for her father's surgery after he suddenly suffers a heart attack. Devayani was in fact alive but has amnesia. Muthu's songs are playing on the radio and Devayani happens to hear it and she remembers again. She promptly gets on the bus to the city from a village where she was helping the fisherman who saved her life. She meets Muthu at the recording studio. He is surprised and overjoyed but doesn't tell her about his marriage to Roopa . Devayani is then adamant to get married soon, so they both get married. He then juggles both of his lives (as Muthu, Devayani's husband and as Veera, Roja's husband). He nearly gets caught when both Roopa and Muthu with Devayani go to the saree shop and bump into each other. So to prove that they are two different people, he takes a photo and manipulates it to show two of him shaking hands. They then all believe Muthu and Veera are different people. A thief who Muthu had caught and handed over to the police takes revenge by kidnapping his wives. The thief also knows that both are one person, and when he comes to save them it is revealed that both are one person. After he saves them both his wives fight over him, one says that he officially married her first (Roopa) while the other(Devayani) says that she fell in love first. His wives don't want to share. When he tries to explain they go away angrily. Muthu then leaves the city to go back to his village. When he gets home he finds them both in his house. The film ends with them both holding his bag as he enters the house.