Love and God

The movie was based on the famous Arabic love story of Laila and Kais. Kais-E-Emir (Sanjeev Kumar) is the son of Emir-E-Yemen (Nazir Hussain). Laila (Nimmi) is the daughter of Emir-E-Basra (Jayant). Kais and Laila love each other since childhood. As a child, Kais was so intoxicated in his love for Laila that when his teacher asked the students to practice the word Allah in their books, Kais kept on writing the word Laila instead of Allah. Allah is the Arabic word for god. The teacher became angry and hit Kais on his palms with a stick. At the same time, Laila began to bleed from her palms. The teacher believed that this was a miracle, which proved that Laila and Kais were meant to be with each other. The lovers want to get married, but their families have hatet each other since many generations. Laila and Kais meet each other in the desert on a regular basis. The people gossip about their love and Laila's name is tarnished. Her father forbids her from leaving the house. Laila's house is surrounded by armed guards and she cannot venture out to meet Kais. Kais sends a messenger pigeon to Laila. His letter tied to the pigeon's leg discloses that he is on his way to meet her at her house. Laila's father reads the message and becomes furious to see the audacity of Kais. He orders his guards to kill Kais if he ventures into their territory. Laila scared for the safety of Kais sends her maid Nauheed (Nazima) to forewarn Kais of the impending danger. Laila's father Emir-E-Basra goes to the house of Kais and threatens his father that if his son Kais dares to venture into his territory, he will be killed by the guards of Basra. Kais's mother (Lalita Pawar) sends their Abyssinian slave (Amjad Khan) to rescue Kais. Kais is grievously wounded by the guards. Kais is brought home where his wounds are tended. Laila's father decides to relocate to a new city away from Kais. After a number of days, Kais's health improves and he leaves his home in search of Laila. He wanders across the deserts and practically loses his sanity. People start calling him "Majnu", meaning—a crazy obsessed lover. Laila's father forces her to marry Ign-e-Salaam (Pran). Laila refuses to allow her husband to come near her. Laila is distraught to be separated from Kais. She is comforted by Gazala (Simi Garewal), who advises her to visit a nearby dargah. It is said that if a devotee prays earnestly, the prayers would be fulfilled. A Dargah (Persian: درگاه dargâh or درگه dargah) is a Sufi Islamic shrine built over the grave of a revered religious figure, often a Sufi saint or dervish. Eventually, Laila visits the dargah where she prays with great fervor. She sees an extremely tired, sick and dying Kais outside the dargah. She embraces him and they die in each other's arms.