Rosemary's Baby

In 1965, Guy and Rosemary Woodhouse move into the Bramford apartment building. Their friend Hutch tries to dissuade them from taking the apartment, informing them of the Bramford's association with cannibalism and murder.
Rosemary meets a young woman, Terry Gionoffrio, a recovering drug addict whom Minnie and Roman Castevets took in from the street. As Rosemary admires a pendant necklace the Castevets gave to Terry, she notices its strange smell. Returning home one night, Guy and Rosemary find that Terry apparently threw herself to her death from the window of the Castevets' seventh-floor apartment.
Rosemary and Guy are quickly befriended by the Castevets. Minnie gives Terry's pendant to Rosemary, telling her it is a good luck charm and the odd smell is "tannis root". Guy lands a role in a play when the actor who was originally cast inexplicably goes blind. Guy suggests to Rosemary that they have a baby.
On the night they plan to conceive, Minnie brings them individual cups of chocolate mousse. Rosemary passes out and experiences a dreamlike vision in which she is raped by a demonic presence in front of Guy, the Castevets, and other Bramford tenants, all of them naked. When she wakes, she finds scratches on her body. Guy tells her that he had sex with her while she was unconscious because he did not want to pass up the opportunity for her to conceive. Rosemary learns that she is pregnant and is due on June 28, 1966. She plans to receive obstetric care from Dr. Hill, who is recommended to her by her friend Elise. However, the Castevets insist she see their good friend, Dr. Abraham Sapirstein, who says that Minnie will make Rosemary a daily health drink.
For the first three months of her pregnancy, Rosemary suffers severe abdominal pains, loses weight, becomes unusually pale, and craves raw meat and chicken liver. When Hutch sees Rosemary's gaunt appearance and hears that she is being fed tannis root, he is disturbed enough to do some research. Before he can tell Rosemary his findings, he falls into a coma. Rosemary tells Guy that she plans to see Dr. Hill, which angers Guy. However, the abdominal pains suddenly disappear.
Three months later, Hutch dies. He managed to briefly regain consciousness, directing his daughter to give Rosemary a book about witchcraft along with the cryptic message: "The name is an anagram". Rosemary deduces that Roman Castevet is really Steven Marcato, the son of a former resident of the Bramford who was accused of being a Satanist. She suspects her elderly neighbors and Dr. Sapirstein are part of a witch coven with sinister designs for her baby, and that Guy is cooperating with them in exchange for help in advancing his acting career.
Rosemary becomes increasingly disturbed and shares her fears and suspicions with Dr. Hill, who, assuming she is delusional, calls Dr. Sapirstein and Guy. They tell her that if she cooperates, neither she nor the baby will be harmed. Rosemary goes into labor and is sedated by Dr. Sapirstein. When she wakes, she is told the baby died, which she refuses to believe.
In the hall closet, Rosemary discovers a secret door leading into the Castevets' apartment and hears a baby's cries. She finds a congregation made up of the building's tenants, as well as Dr. Sapirstein, gathered around her newborn son. It is remarked upon that the baby has "his father's eyes," to which Rosemary protests that the baby's eyes are nothing like Guy's.
It is then explained to Rosemary that Guy is not the child's true father. Her newborn child, named Adrian, is actually the son of the Devil. Roman urges her to become a mother to her son, as the other women are too old. Guy attempts to calm a horrified Rosemary by explaining to her that they will be generously rewarded, and that they can conceive a second child that will truly be theirs. Rosemary spits in his face. Minnie tells Rosemary that she should be honored to be the woman chosen to bear a child for Satan. Initially reluctant, Rosemary goes to the cradle and gently rocks it, with a small smile on her face.