Hai Hai Nayaka

Ramakrishna (Naresh), grandson of Suryakantamma (Suryakantam) loses his job as a Telugu school teacher and is in search of a new job. However his grandmother thinks that he is still working and keep boasting about it. He gets marriage proposals but they withdraw after knowing that he is a Telugu teacher. He tries to make a living by doing odd jobs but he is asked to leave as he tries to teach correct Telugu to his customers also.
Suryakantamma is very affectionate towards his grandson. He faces a lot of difficulties with her pampering. During his college days, he falls in love with his classmate Radha Rani and she also accepts it. Once Suryakantamma comes to visit him and she feels sorry for his situation. She tries to arrange his job by linking to his marriage. However he rejects it because he want to marry Radha Rani whom he loved sincerely and they got separated because of some misunderstanding. He wants to get a job on his own.
In a school, Gopi, son of Pedda Rayudu (Kota Srinivasa Rao) behave very rude and uses very abusive language with his teachers. But the school teachers are afraid of controlling him because Rayudu also uses abusive language. Whenever Rayudu asks them how his son is studying, they try to cover it up by saying he is a good student. Once a D.E.O comes for inspecting the school and ask some questions to students. He gets an arrogant and abusive reply from Gopi. The DEO goes mad leaves the school immediately. Infuriated Rayudu gives an ultimatum to the teachers that his son should be educated properly within 6 months otherwise he would sack their jobs.
As none of the existing school teachers dare to teach him, they look for another teacher who is unaware of the situation. At the same time, Suryakantamma arranges an interview for Ramakrishna in that school. They ask him easy questions, and also gives several allowances to stay in their village. Ramakrishna teaches discipline to all the students, but he is shocked by his abusive language and severely beats him. All the teachers are shocked by this behavior. They explain him that the school is run by Pedda Rayudu and if he gets angry, all of them would lose their jobs. Ramakrishna is afraid of Rayudu and tries to flee from the village, but Rayudu's followers asks him to visit Rayudu once. He goes there and finds Radha Rani. Radha Rani still hates him because of some reason. Rayudu severely abuses him because he beat his son. After listening to his language, Ramakrishna openly opposes his behavior and explains him that kids learn their manners by imitating their elders, and he is the reason for his son's behavior. Rayudu confesses his mistake and gives Ramakrishna full permission to change his son.
Ramakrishna chooses a innovative methods to teach Gopi by playing along with him. Rayudu is now confident that he would definitely mend his son's behavior. Gopi slowly obliges Ramakrishna and learns good manners. The school teachers try to find the reason she hates Ramakrishna. She confesses that because of an unfortunate incident in her friend's life, she thinks that she will face the same fate. But after knowing about his sincerity, she agrees to marry him. After some funny incidents to tease Rayudu and his daughter by hiding Ramakrishna, Ramakrishna escapes from them with the help of Gopi and gets united with Radha Rani.