Lahiri Lahiri Lahirilo

Nani (Aditya Om) and Bala (Ankitha) study in the same college. The story begins with Nani arranging a marriage for his friends Veera Venkata Satya Narayana (Chitram Srinu) and Naga Venkata Ratna Kumari in Annavaram with the help of his classmate John David (Venu Madhav). Bala also joins the marriage. She gets to know that Nani is an orphan and starts liking Nani's attitude and behaviour. Nani also has same feelings towards Bala but he doesn't reveal them to her. After the marriage, John David tells her that he and Nani have arranged this marriage as part of their business A-1 Match Fixing Centre and Nani is actually a marriage broker who arranges marriages for making money. She gets upset when Nani bids her good bye saying that there is hardly any friendship between them.
Indu (Bhanupriya), Chandu (Rachana) and Sindhu (Sanghavi) are three daughters of Rama Krishna (Ranganath) and nieces of Ammayiamma (Rama Prabha). Indu is obsessed with cleanliness, Chandu is scared of lizards and Sindhu is a sincere worshipper. Rama Krishna lost his wife and his brother in law (Ammayiamma's husband) in a car accident and he believes the reason to be not believing in astrology. He strongly decides to get his three daughters married to three brothers only with whom their horoscopes match perfectly. Ammayiamma approaches Nani for finding suitable matches for her nieces. Nani suggests Ammayiamma the three sons of Balaramaiah Naidu (K. Viswanath) and Sathyapriya of Ramapuram village - Krishnama Naidu (Nandamuri Harikrishna) for Indu, Chandrama Naidu (Suman) for Chandu and Srinivasa Naidu (Vineeth) for Sindhu. Nani goes to Ramapuram as the younger brother of Indu, Chandu and Sindhu for Dasara festival celebrations and all four stay in the house of Punju Raju (K. Chakravarthy) which is exactly opposite to Balaramaiah Naidu's house. Nani plans to create love between the couples and get them married.
In his efforts to unite the three couples, he bumps into Bala again who is the only younger sister of the three brothers. Both exchange their love for each other but are scared to reveal it to her family. From then, the story takes a twist with the entry of Achamamba (Lakshmi) who was once in love with Balaramaiah Naidu and is waiting to take revenge on him for not marrying her. By winning in the village cockfight, she convinces Balaramaiah Naidu for getting his daughter Bala married to foreign returned son of her brother (Jaya Prakash Reddy). The rest of the plot is all about how Achamamba's evil plans are destroyed by Krishnama Naidu and the four couples got married.