Aasal

Jeevanandham (Ajith Kumar) is an international negotiator and arms dealer based in Paris. He has three sons: Sam (Sampath Raj) and Vicky (Rajiv Krishna) from his first wife, and Shiva (Ajith Kumar again) from his affair. Jeevanandham’s favorite is Shiva, who is gutsy and righteous, while the other two are immature and controlled by their uncle, the evil Kali Mamma (Pradeep Rawat), and will do any shady deals.
Sarah (Sameera Reddy) is a cultural attaché at the Indian Embassy in Paris who has a soft spot for Shiva. There is a French police officer, Daniel Dharmaraj (Suresh), who constantly hangs around with the family and is a partner in crime.
The bad sons want to deal in drugs and supply arms to terrorists; they work out a strategy to eliminate Shetty (Kelly Dorji), who controls the Mumbai underworld, but the old man and Shiva oppose it. After the old man's death, Vicky is kidnapped by Shetty and his gang, who brutally torture him.
To save Vicky, Shiva goes to Mumbai. His local contact there is Mirasi (Prabhu Ganesan), his father’s best friend. A local girl, Sulabha (Bhavana), falls for our hero, who daringly rescues Vicky with the joker Don Samosa (Yugi Sethu).
Both brothers double-cross Shiva, shoot him, and drown him in the sea. They torture Sarah and make her to sign as witness that Shiva dies naturally. As per Jeevanandam's will, the property rights belong to Shiva, hence Sam and Vicky attempted to kill Shiva. With the help of Mirasi, Sulabha, and Don Samosa, everyone moves to France to find the real enemies. Sarah, who is being given drugs to forget Shiva's death and is also tortured by Vicky every day to accept his love, is found by Shiva and confesses everything to him. Vicky walks in and brutally beats Sarah. Shiva shoots him and interrogates him to find out the reason behind why the two brothers shot him. After Vicky refuses to say, Shiva shoots him on the spot and saves Sarah. Sam finds out about Vicky's death and suspects Daniel, but is subdued by Kali Mamma. Shiva slowly uncovers what happened through forcing and threatening the allies of Sam and Kali Mamma. Eventually, a drunk Don Samosa accidentally spills Shiva being alive to Daniel, who kidnaps Mirasi, Sulabha, and Sarah and holds them captive in a storage facility. Shiva is forced to surrender Jeevanandham's will to Kali Mamma and Sam, but delivers an empty suitcase instead. An enraged Kali Mamma shoots Mirasi and Daniel and Sam throws Shiva out a glass window and ties him up. After Shiva tells Sam to give up his arrogance, Sam and Kali Mamma reveal why and how they killed Shiva's father, Jeevanandham.
Sam wanted to deal weapons to foreign terrorists and asked Jeevananandham to give money to aid them. After Jeevanandham tries reasoning to little avail, Kali Mamma walks in. After he refuses everyone's request to deal weapons and give his money, Kali Mamma electrocutes and Sam suffocates Jeevanandham, killing him in the process. They do the same with Shiva after explaining, electrocuting him multiple times, but eventually an enraged Shiva breaks the ropes he is tied to and engages in combat with Sam and Kali Mamma, electrocuting and killing both of them. Daniel, now a reformed, honest cop, brings Mirasi to Shiva, and tells him that he will take the blame for Sam and Kali Mamma's deaths by saying that he killed them in self-defense.
The film ends several months later with Shiva and Sulabha, now married, waving goodbye to Don Samosa, Sarah, and Mirasi, and leaving to India from Paris together.