Maari

A police constable, Arumugam (Kaali Venkat) talks to the new Sub Inspector, Arjun (Vijay Yesudas) about Maari (Dhanush), a local rowdy, who rose to fame after killing a rival rowdy. Maari is an irritating guy, who along with his henchmen Sanikilamai (Robo Shankar) and Adithangi (Kalloori Vinoth), constantly pesters the people in the area and extorts money from them. His main line of work is in training racing pigeons. His boss is Velu (Shanmugarajan), a bigger don who also is involved in the sparow races as well as the smuggling of sandalwood.
Maari constantly has fights with "Bird" Ravi (Mime Gopi), another local rowdy who is also working under Velu. One day, a lady named Sridevi (Kajal Aggarwal) enters the business, trying to open a boutique in Maari's area. Maari forcefully becomes her partner in the business, which angers her after she loses some customers. She decides to help Arjun to catch Maari by getting close to him, pretending to fall in love with him and incriminating him with evidence of his confession: he had tried to kill the rival rowdy, but failed. She shoots the talk with Maari in the drunken state, who describes about the murder.
Somebody else had killed him, and he took the credit. Maari is soon arrested by Arjun. 6 months later, when he is released, he finds out that Velu also has been arrested, and that Arjun is actually a corrupt cop & he and Ravi are working together and have arrested some people in the area under the pretext of smuggling, to extort money. Maari decides to take revenge on the duo. He first frees the local people from the extortion by Ravi's gang, while Sridevi also falls in love with him for real.
Later, he captures one of Arjun's smuggling vehicles and the driver, by which he forces Arjun to release Velu. When Arjun takes revenge by burning the pigeon coop of Maari, which kills 10 of his pigeons, he gets angry and beats up Ravi and Arjun, with the former agreeing to confess to everything. Angered, Arjun stabs Ravi but eventually gets arrested by the Revenue Department after Aarumugam reveals all of his secrets. Finally Sridevi approaches Maari to confess her love to him, which he rejects, returning to pester the local people and extort them for cash.