Aranmanai Kaavalan

Sakthi (R. Sarathkumar) and his best-friend Thangamani (Goundamani) are taxi-drivers in Mumbai. Sakthi fights for the Tamil community against the local rowdies who want to expel them from their area. The Tamil association of Mumbai prepares the 25th anniversary function so the association's presidents invite the pillars of the association but only one person doesn't respond for the invitation : Karpagavalli, the wife of the late founder Sandanapandian. The presidents go to Karpagavalli's village Pasumpon to invite her but they are driven out from the village. In fact, Karpagavalli (Srividya) and her relatives (Sivaranjani, Kavitha and Kokila) are held prisoners by the heartless Duraipandi (Raghuvaran) in his palace. Under pressure, Duraipandi finally lets Karpagavalli go to the function in Mumbai. In the meantime, the police officers force the Tamil community to leave their place but they refuse. So the police officers kidnap and rape the young girls under the influence of Amara Settu (K. Rajpreeth). Sakthi turns berserk, he kills all the police officers and the main antagonist Amara Settu who created conflicts between the Tamil people and Hindi people. Therefore, Sakthi becomes a hero for the community and they ask him to flee instead of surrendering. By chance, Sakthi and Thangamani take the same train as Karpagavalli. Karpagavalli asks them to come to her village and she compels Sakthi to become the palace's protector. Later, Sakthi and Thangamani try to leave the village but Karpagavalli stops them. In the process, Karpagavalli was heavily wounded by Duraipandi's henchmen.
In the past, Sandanapandian (Vijayakumar) was the village chief and was a respected man. While his uncle (Mohan Natarajan), Duraipandi's father, was a womaniser and was hated by the villagers, his uncle was jealous of Sandanapandian. One day, he behaved badly with school girls so Sandanapandian forced him to beg forgiveness to the girl at the village court. After this humiliation, Duraipandi's father committed suicide. Duraipandi killed all the men of Sandanapandian's family including Sandanapandian. Later, Duraipandi's mother self immolated. Since that day, Duraipandi sequesters Karpagavalli, Uma (Sivaranjani) and her family.
After telling her poignant past, Karpagavalli dies on Sakthi's knees. So Sakthi challenges the villain Duraipandi to prepare Uma's wedding. Meanwhile, Uma falls in love with Sakthi. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.