Gopaludu Bhoopaludu

Once upon a time, there was kingdom named Kuntala where the royal dynasty has a curse that the brothers are killing one another for the past 7 generation. At present, the queen (S. Varalakshmi) gives birth to twins. On the same day, the King (M. Prabhakar Reddy) was murdered by his brother & the King also kills him. Queen feels that her children should not repeat this, so, separates them and sends away one child with the maid. On the way, the maid gets killed by a tiger and the child was protected by Mangamma (Hemalatha) a shepherd woman, rears him as Gopi (N. T. Rama Rao) and in the fort elder son grows as Raja (again N. T. Rama Rao). Queen wants to make Raja's marriage with her brother Sripathi's (Mikkilineni) daughter Padmavati (Rajasri). But Raja is already in love with a wild beauty Rajani (Jayalalitha) and he always spends time with her in the forest on some pretext. Veerabahu, (Rajanala) Raja’s cousin brother who is waiting to grab Kuntala kingdom and marry Padmavathi by eliminating Raja. Mahanasa (Allu Ramalingaiah), Veerabahu's assistant tells him about Raja’s love affair, so, he sends his henchmen in veils to capture Raja. Gopi notices it and protects him. Raja surprises with the alikeness between them and invites Gopi to the palace where Gopi & Padma fall in love. After seeing gopi queen doubts that Gopi may be her twin son and afraid of the curse, so, she asks Raja to send Gopi away. Raja keeps Gopi in his place and leaves to the forest to spend a week with Rajani. On the occasion of full moon day, there will be various competitions held in the capital city. So Raja leaves to the palace. Mahanasa observing the movements of Raja catches him and takes him to Veerabahu. Gopi will be in a dilemma as Raja has not come back, so, he himself participates in the competition and wins. Veerabahu recognizes that there are two people, so, he brings Mangamma to the fort but Gopi refuses to reveal the truth. Queen calls Mangamma and finds out the reality that Gopi is her second son. In the anger, she reveals the truth to Gopi. Gopi blames his mother for making him orphan and leaves to the forest says apologies to Mangamma. Padma also follows him and listens to everything. Now Gopi plays a drama to protect the kingdom from Veerabahu by behaving as Raja. He arrests Sripati also locks Padma and becomes an arch-rival to Veerabahu. By scheming various plans & tricks and finds out the place where Veerabahu has hidden Raja. Meanwhile, Rajani in the forest also notices Raja is under the custody of Veerabahu, so, she too reaches there. Gopi protects Raja by keeping his life in risk and stamps out Veerabahu. There queen understands the love & affection between brothers and realizes her mistake. She decides to reveal the truth but Gopi stops her because the world should not blame his mother and he decides to leave the fort, Padma also accompanies him. At the same time Rajani listens to everything and says it to Raja. Gopi is about to leave Raja stops him and pleads his brother not to leave him then Gopi changes his decision. Finally, the movie ends a happy note with the marriages of Raja with Rajani and Gopi with Padma.