Sherlock Toms

Young Thomas Joy is an avid follower of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's world-famous investigative stories having Sherlock Holmes as the lead character. His friends call him 'Sherlock Toms' due to his keen observation skills. Even after facing some hiccups in life at a very young age he grows up to be an IRS officer but ends up having a troubled relationship with his wife Rekha. Film shows tom getting accidentally married to Rekha who doesn't adjust in anyway with Tom's difficulty and also doesn't show respect to Tom and his father. The sharp and shrewd Toms hits a new low when a raid and an operation planned by him sinks without a trace.Tom get suspended due to failure of the raid. Tom quarrels with wife due to the failure. But she bursts in tears and hurts Tom more and gives complaint to police to arrest Tom under Domestic Violence. Now tom has been filed case against by wife and the chit fund company where he had conducted raid. Tom gets arrested by police. During the hearing in court, Tom shouts seeing his advocate fail to prove his innocence, that he is going to commit suicide. The chief judge orders Tom to undergo psychiatric treatment as he tells of his plan to suicide and then only truth will come out. Film shows Tom fed up with life and going to suicide. During the commotion he accidentally enters Vijyaragavan's room and standing by window side, attracts police men and the media people and makes demands. First his suspension to be cancelled. Then his wife to sign a long waited divorce petition. Meanwhile Tom discover cancelled currencies in Vijayaraghavan's room for which he demand news reporter to show in the media and get him good name. By the time rescue team capture Tom from the window preventing his suicide. Then while in police custody, he confesses that all the act was his drama for a secret raid which his local friends did after previous scene in the film showing that they quarrelled and don't have contact anymore. The film ends with news reporter family search for a guy to marry the reporter from a newspaper and finds Tom's advertisement in search of a girl and the reporter telling he is rather good guy to get for her.