Velainu Vandhutta Vellaikaaran

Murugan (Vishnu) is the right-hand man of the local MLA Jacket Janakiraman (Robo Shankar). During a mass-marriage function organised by Jacket, 8 grooms and 1 bride out of the 25 couples to be married go missing due to the efforts of Jacket's arch-enemy, another MLA Maurdhamuthu (Aadukalam Naren). Murugan manages to get 7 grooms and 1 bride back, but 1 groom is still missing. To save Jacket's reputation, he asks his best friend Sakkarai (Soori) to pretend to marry the bride, Pushpa (Reshma Pasupuleti), the local dancer and item girl who is known to everyone in the village, despite his upcoming marriage to Hamsavali. Unfortunately for Sakkarai, the photo showing him tying the knot with Pushpa is published in the newspaper and goes viral on social media, forcing Hamsavali to break her engagement with Sakkarai unless he divorces Pushpa. Sakkarai asks Pushpa to sign the divorce notice, but she refuses to sign unless Jacket tells her to do so. To add to Sakkarai's woes, Pushpa even moves in with him.
Meanwhile, Murugan falls in love with Archana (Nikki Galrani), the daughter of the local tea shop owner whose main ambition is to become a police officer. Archana's father finds out about Murugan's close association with Jacket and asks him to give ₹10,00,000 to Jacket so that his daughter could become a sub-inspector and also asks him not to tell Archana as she wants to get the SI job in an honest way. Later that day, Jacket goes to hospital to visit a minister Shanmugasundaram (Vittal), who is on his deathbed. Before dying, Shanmugasundaram tells him about ₹500,00,00,000 that he acquired illegally, but wants him to use it for good purposes. This is heard by Jacket's brother-in-law Bhootham (Ravi Mariya), who also wants the money, but for his own benefit. He chases Jacket on his way home to find out the location where the money is kept, but Jacket meets with an accident during the chase and loses his memory, beginning to act like a 10-year old.
Archana eventually gets the SI job, but soon finds out that she got the job on merit. Thinking that Murugan had cheated her father, she immediately orders him to give back her father's money, failing which he would be thrown into prison. Murugan and Sakkarai find out that Jacket has lost his memory, but manage to get him discharged from the hospital. They train him to tell Archana that he has received the money from Murugan and to tell Pushpa to sign the divorce notice so that both their problems would be solved. But their plan backfires completely as Jacket tells Pushpa what he was supposed to tell Archana, making Pushpa realise that Jacket has lost his memory and refuses to sign the divorce notice again. Jacket also inadvertently gets caught in the middle of a protest against Marudhamuthu and is eventually kidnapped by Bhootham and his men. Murugan is caught at the scene of the kidnapping and is arrested by Archana.
At Bhootam's hideout, Jacket irritates him and his men with his childish behaviour. In a fit of rage, Bhootham kicks Jacket, making him unconscious. But Jacket regains his memory after gaining consciousness, much to Bhootham's happiness. Bhootham asks him to tell where the money is, but instead Jacket starts telling all the events leading up to the event where he met Shanmugasundaram in the hospital, and keeps repeating the story from the beginning if he is interrupted, much to his irritation. At this juncture, Murugan and Archana, who have both found out that Bhootham has kidnapped Jacket, arrive. Murugan manages to stop Jacket's repetition, getting him to tell in front of Archana that he indeed received money from Murugan, but since the DGP Sathasivam (Venkat), to whom he was supposed to pay the bribe, refused to accept the bribe, he gave the money to a contractor. Jacket also tells that he has managed to convince Pushpa to sign the divorce notice. He then reveals the location of the money to Bhootham, which is stored in an abandoned mansion. Murugan, Archana, Sakkarai, Jacket, Bhootham and even Marudhamuthu, who has also found out about the money, go to the mansion. A fight ensues between Murugan, Archana, Sakkarai and Jacket on one side and Bhootham and Marudhamuthu on the other side over the money, which ends with the former successfully getting the money.
In the end, with all problems solved, Murugan and Archana enter into a romantic relationship, while Sakkarai is to get married to Hamsavali during another mass-marriage function organised by Jacket. But before Sakkarai can tie the thali around Hamasavali's neck, the priest asks him if he is Pushpa's husband to which he accidentally says yes, causing Hamsavali to stop the wedding again.