In Search of La Che

In Search of La Che follows he journey of hardcore music fan John Tavish (Played by Duncan Airlie James) on his quest to find out the circumstances behind the disappearance of Scotland most famous (fictional) son of rock and roll, Roxy La Che.
Searching the internet, John finds that Roxy's life hasn't been very well documented and comes across very little other than an unofficial fan page for the rock star. The owner of the site, Larry, agrees to meet with John but his mental instability becomes visibly clear during the interview and John decides to make a quick exit after obtaining the information he needed. John tracks down Archie Murno, a pub landlord who gave Roxy his first taste of music fame when he persuaded him to take part in a karaoke night. Archie gives John a history of Roxy's troubled upbringing on Pishi Island where the local economy was decimated by the actions of British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. Without adequate means to make a living on the island, Roxy moved to Glasgow and managed to transform his life through his love for music. During the interview, John discovers for the first time that Roxy was in fact signed by two record companies instead of one. The first record label was run by Hector 'Blitzkrieg' Wallace who was a Nazi sympathiser and forced Roxy to sing songs about hatred. Roxy's time with Blitzkrieg was brief as he later jumped ship to Met Records run by Gary Pringle.
After speaking with both of Roxy's managers, John is made aware of Roxy's various battles with depression which often lead to long stays at rehabilitation units. Moving from sofa to sofa, Roxy's last known appearance was with his old roadie friend Shimmy Quiffer. Shimmy explains to John that he had been staying with him for six months during the early 1990s but upon returning home one day, Roxy was packed up ready to go but couldn't tell Shimmy where he was going. Thinking the trail has gone cold, John receives an unopened letter from Shimmy that arrived for Roxy shortly after his departure. The letter is written by Alex H. Croy, an old friend of Roxy telling him that the pair should meet up as he is now staying in a hospice not far from Shimmy's location.
John visits the hospice in the hope of meeting his idol but his hopes are dashed when it is revealed that Roxy La Che had died in 2002, twenty years after the release of his first album.