The Tempest

The magician Prospero tosses and turns in his sleep while a violent storm tosses a boat on the ocean. Prospero awakens with a start as lightning strikes the ship, and summons his servant, the spirit Ariel. Ariel tells Prospero the details of the storm, which was an illusion he created at Prospero’s command to lead the King of Naples (Alonso) and his crew to the island and trap them there.
Prospero’s daughter, Miranda, wakes up and joins her father in his study and they discuss their pasts. Caliban, Prospero’s other servant, interrupts their conversation, and Prospero stomps on his fingers and threatens to punish him. Caliban explains that he is the rightful owner of the island, and that Prospero enslaved him after he taught Prospero how to survive on the island.
Miranda goes back to sleep, and Ariel announces that the ship is safely hidden. He tells Prospero that the King and his son, Ferdinand, have been separated by the wreck. Prospero instructs Ariel to bring Ferdinand into the house. Ariel goes to Ferdinand, who has emerged naked from the sea, and lures him towards the house with a song. Ferdinand enters the building and goes to sleep by the fireplace. Prospero, Ariel, and Miranda find him sleeping and Prospero promises Ariel his freedom in two days’ time for bringing him to the house. Prospero accuses Ferdinand of being a spy, and Miranda vouches for his innocence. Prospero gives Ferdinand clothing and permission to sleep in Caliban’s quarters, promising to put him to work after he has rested, and shackles his ankles.
Miranda asks Prospero about their past, and he reveals that he was once Duke of Milan, but turned his governing duties over to Antonio so that he could study magic. He explains that Antonio overthrew Prospero and, with an order from Alonso, Prospero and Miranda were exiled to the island. Prospero shows Miranda a vision of their past in the crystal of his scepter, and reveals that the storm was created so that he could exact revenge upon Alonso and Antonio.
Meanwhile, Alonso and the other shipwreck survivors find and enter Prospero’s house. Following the sound of music, they wander into an empty ballroom. They are attacked by imps who hiss and bite at them. Ariel appears and reminds them of how they wronged Prospero in the past, and they become frozen in stasis and covered in cobwebs.
Prospero sees Miranda and Ferdinand share a kiss, as the two have decided to marry, and announces that Ferdinand’s forced labor was a trial to prove himself worthy of marrying Miranda. Prospero permits their union and frees Ferdinand from Servitude.
Prospero and Ariel use their magic to create an elaborate masque around the frozen Alonso and the others. Sailors dance around the room frantically, and Miranda and Ferdinand appear in wedding attire. Prospero awakens Alonso and the others from stasis, reuniting Ferdinand with his father, and forgives the others for their past betrayals. The Goddess appears and sings a rendition of “Stormy Weather” while everyone looks on.
The film ends with Prospero and Ariel alone in the study. Ariel sings Prospero to sleep, and then runs away. Prospero directly addresses the viewer through voice over narration, announcing that “these revels now have ended”, and the credits roll.