Aadhi

The film starts by introducing (Trisha Krishnan) as Anjali sitting on a bench in Rameswaram feeding a white pigeon by a calm ocean, and a retired police officer Shankar (Devan) came and sat on the bench by her side and exchanging pleasantries. But suddenly, she whips out a knife and kills him with the help of her maternal uncle, Ramachandran (Nassar), while saying that she has been waiting for this moment for many years. She then comes back to Chennai with Ramachandran to attend college.
After that, the scene shifts to Aadhi (Vijay) who lives with his foster family consisting of his parents, Mani (Manivannan) and Lakshmi (Seetha), who are both loving to him and his sister in New Delhi. He takes up a course in a college in Chennai against his foster parents' wishes, while he is actually on a personal mission to eliminate the people behind the murder of his blood family. Unable to be separated from Aadhi, his foster family come to Chennai along with him.
It is revealed that Anjali is studying in the same college as Aadhi and she also has her own agenda to seek revenge on her family's killers, and she is assisted by Ramachandran. Meanwhile, RDX(Sai Kumar), a local gangster enters and is shown to have a dispute with another person Pattabhi (Rajan P. Dev). To exact their revenge, Ramachandran attempts to kill one of RDX's henchmen, Sada, but fails to do so since Aadhi kills him with a gun he was armed with. At first naturally, RDX assumes that the killer can be none other than Pattabhi and so kills him. However, Aadhi arrives on the scene and with help from Bullet (Vivek), his college classmate, who is also a comical rowdy threatens RDX telling that he was the one who killed Sada and that he will also kill Abdullah (Adithya Menon). As typical and usual;, Abdullah gets angry, and goes to kill Aadhi, but fails, and Aadhi kills Abdullah, while his foster family witnessed this act with horror. On being questioned by his foster family, Aadhi tells his story.
Aadhi's biological father (Prakash Raj) was an honest cop, who arrested one of RDX's henchmen. It is revealed that Anjali and Aadhi are from the same family as Anjali's father (Livingston) is Aadhi's father's brother-in-law. RDX pays Aadhi's house a visit and asks his grandfather to let his henchmen go. When Aadhi's grandfather (Vijayakumar) refuses, RDX threatens them only to find knives being held at him by Aadhi and his cousins. Aadhi's father arrives and arrests RDX. Infuriated, he pays them a visit with some of his henchmen and Shankar. Together, they murder their whole extended family. Only Anjali, her uncle Ramachandran and Aadhi survived the blast that annihilated their family. After the house is blown up by RDX, Aadhi escapes and is taken in by a couple, who later became his foster parents.
On finding out his past, Aadhi's foster parents requests him to come back to New Delhi, but he refuses. He then takes them to the railway station, but is nearly ambushed by RDX's men. He succeeds on defeating them in a fight and meets RDX, warning him to bring his brother (Subbaraju) from Dubai, whom he promises to kill. Soon, he arrives and in revenge, kills Ramachandran, while challenging Aadhi to meet him at RDX's place. Aadhi came and, after finding out that RDX had Anjali kidnapped and held hostage by his henchmen in the library of their college, which happens to be the old house that Aadhi, Anjali, and their family escapes after killing RDX'S brother with his own gun. Anjali is saved by Bullet and the other students in the college by the college mates held RDX's men as hostages. In a thrilling climax, Aadhi kills RDX and is shown to be leaving and reuniting with Anjali, the only one left in his family.