Gentleman

Aishwarya, the daughter of a wealthy entrepreneur, boards a flight back to Hyderabad from the United States. Catherine, a visual effects designer returning from a month-long workshop, boards the same flight in London. To help pass the time, they share their love stories. Catherine explains that she is in a relationship with Gautham, a graduate who owns an adventure club, and Aishwarya shares that her fiancé Jayaram "Jai" Mullapudi is an award-winning entrepreneur who manages his father's company JaiGowri Finance.
When Aishwarya and Catherine reach Hyderabad, they are met by Jai and the former's cousin Vamsi. Catherine is shocked to see that Jai is a lookalike of Gautham. After learning from Gautham's mother Yashoda about his death in an accident ten days earlier, she leaves his house grief-stricken. An investigative journalist named Nithya meets her and tells her that she suspects that Gautham was murdered. They initially suspect David, Catherine's uncle, who is admitted to a hospital after an overdose of narcotics.
Catherine reaches the hospital only to learn that Jai has kidnapped the comatose David. Nithya uncovers information about a potential accounting scandal in JaiGowri Finance, and learns that the suicide of Jai's uncle Mohan and Gautham's accident happened on the same day. Catherine and Nithya decide to spy on Jai. Aishwarya recommends Catherine to Jai for a job in the latter's company, to which he reluctantly agrees. Catherine's presence in the company disturbs Jai, who soon realises that she is spying on him. Nevertheless, he remains silent. Catherine overhears a conversation between Vamsi and Jai where the former threatens to disclose the latter's involvement in Gautham's murder to the media. She later gains information about the security arrangements of the company by coercing her team leader Sudarshanam. Nithya provides a duplicate of the master key to Jai's cabin.
Catherine finds the discharge papers of David and Gautham and a document confirming transfer of ₹5 billion from Aishwarya's company. She later leaves for an orphanage where David is being treated and finds him dead. Catherine and Nithya spot Jai running away from the orphanage, which strengthens their suspicions. At a party, Jai is disturbed after observing a growing intimacy between Catherine and Vamsi, an intimacy created by Catherine to provoke Jai. After mustering courage, Jai kills Vamsi and manages to make it look like a road accident. Jai then destroys all the documents Vamsi had been using to blackmail him.
The following day, Aishwarya finds Jai's clothes and a photograph of him in Catherine's closet and suspects an illicit relationship between them. After Aishwarya calls off her engagement, Catherine confronts Jai and challenges to unveil his real self as a murderer and fraudster. Initially stoic, an emotional Jai reveals that he is Gautham himself by showing a wrist band Catherine had given him before leaving for London. The couple reconcile and Gautham starts narrating the truth.
Vamsi's jealousy at Jai's success made him persuade David, his old friend, to murder him. David agrees, assuming that he is Gautham, whom he considers his rival. Meanwhile, Gautham comes across Jai's photograph in an attempt to find sponsors for his club. He alters his look to resemble Jai and meets Mohan. A dying Mohan reveals that Vamsi coerced him to invest in betting, which resulted in a loss of nearly ₹5 billion, for which Aishwarya's father Ram Prakash agreed to reimburse him. Meanwhile, David fatally stabs Jai in a warehouse, which is secretly filmed by Vamsi. Gautham reaches the spot and promises Jai to save his company from Vamsi and others.
Gautham then places his clothes and wallet along with Jai's body in his car and pushes it into a lake, making it look like an accident. Yashoda helps him with this cover-up, and Gautham begins his new life as Jai. However, Vamsi, who has filmed all the events, edits the visuals and blackmails Gautham. With Catherine spying on him, Gautham had no option but to remain silent to avoid issues with Vamsi. Aishwarya overhears their conversation, and the families mourn Jai's death. A year later, the families of Jai and Aishwarya attend an award ceremony where Aishwarya is adjudged the best entrepreneur of the year. She dedicates the award to the deceased Jai, as Gautham and Catherine watch teary-eyed.