High Risk

Kit Li, a cop on the Hong Kong Police bomb squad, responds to a call at a local school, where a terrorist group led by the Doctor has taken a school bus hostage. He soon discovers his wife and son are on board the explosives-rigged bus. Kit sends a subordinate to disarm the bomb, but matters are complicated due to the intricate setup of the bomb, which eventually explodes, killing everyone on the bus, including Kit's family. As a result, he leaves the bomb squad, and for years Kit serves as a stunt double for martial arts action star Frankie Lone. However, Helen, a tabloid reporter, films one of his stunts and thus discovers Lone's duplicity. She decides to use it to boost her show's ratings.
At a wrap party for Frankie's film, Frankie's father and his manager invite Kit to a jewelry exhibition at the newly opened Hotel Grandeur, but the Doctor also targets the exhibition. At a traffic stop, Kit overhears the Doctor uttering a catchphrase which he used during the school bus bombing, and realizing the Doctor's identity, he follows the car back to the Hotel Grandeur, but is unable to convince the hotel manager of the impending threat. At a nearby police station, only Detective Kam Chow and a desk sergeant believe him.
The Doctor and his team take over the building, take the guests hostage, and initiate a massacre. Kit and Chow return, only to find themselves ambushed by the Doctor's gang members in a shootout, in which Chow is injured. Frankie manages to escape and runs into Fai, who pretends to be a helpless damsel in distress, leading him right to her partner, Bond. It is revealed that Bond is obsessed with beating Frankie in combat. Frankie runs away after encountering Bond.
Kit and Chow thin out the Doctor's numbers after driving the car out of the freight elevator. Frankie's father wrestles a weapon away from a terrorist and threatens the hacker trying to deactivate the exhibit's security measures. Chow is reunited with his girlfriend Joyce. Kit tries to kill the Doctor in revenge when the villain mocks him, but the attempt tips the scales back in the terrorists' favor. Kit, Helen and Frankie's father barely manage to escape.
Helen runs into a room with an exhibit of poisonous reptiles, places the videotape underneath a display case and hides in the men's washroom. The Doctor's younger brother, Rabbit, comes in, checks himself out in the mirror and leaves, but not before throwing some of the snakes into the bathroom. Kit and the Lones rescue Helen, but not before she has been poisoned. Kit finds an anti-venom serum, and learns that Helen managed to record the Doctor's face in her footage.
Meanwhile, the Doctor warns the police that if they do not meet his impossible demands, he will toss a hostage out the window every ten minutes, with Frankie's manager Charlie Tso as the first victim. Kit goes to retrieve the tape. He is ambushed by Rabbit, but kills him. Kit barely recovers the tape before being blown out of the building with a hand grenade. The police refuse to let Kit go back into the hotel, so Kit forces the desk sergeant he encountered earlier to let him return via helicopter at gunpoint. The Lones meet Fai and Bond in the midst of an argument that has escalated into a fight. The Lones intervene, unaware of Fai's true colors, until she holds them at gunpoint. Bond pressures Frankie into fighting him. After Frankie kills Bond, Fai is about to murder the rest of them, but Chow shoots her dead.
The Doctor intercepts a police transmission and sends his men to ambush the helicopter. Helen manages to warn Kit, who rams the helicopter into the building. In the resulting chaos everyone escapes, but the Doctor captures Helen and takes her to the roof. Kit finds Helen with a bomb strapped to her, and the Doctor taunts him to choose between taking revenge on him or saving the life of another loved one. Kit throws a knife, hitting the Doctor in the shoulder before the latter escapes. Kit finds out that the wiring is the same as the last bomb, and this time successfully defuses it. A few seconds later, he gets a call from the Doctor. Kit informs the Doctor that the dagger he threw was smeared with snake venom from Helen's wound, and the Doctor dies in agony.
Frankie decides to use the incident as the basis for his new movie, while crediting everyone for their heroics. Kit, however, leaves with Helen, who expresses her gratitude with an announcement of wishing to marry him.