Uppi 2

Neenu, which translates to 'You' (Upendra), is a happy and content person who never thinks about the future and is undisturbed by the past. He hardly earns anything despite his toil since he never takes money from anyone for his services, often menial jobs, asked to him to be done by the people of his locality and the crew of the film production unit. Lakshmi (Kristina Akheeva), a psychology student takes interest in him after she learns about Naanu, which translates to 'I', (played by Upendra in the prequel Upendra, who eventually becomes Neenu in Uppi 2) from her professor. Her constant pursuit of him eventually leads to his discovery. Moved by his happy, unblemished and selfless personality, she eventually falls in love with him. Yet she fails to take him out of his strange world of selflessness.
Meanwhile, Saleem (Shobhraj), an underworld don based in Dubai, aided by his trusted aide Malpe Bala and his henchmen, has been in constant quest of finding Neenu, regarding a property worth hundreds of crores belonging to a widow, Mandakini, who has become a follower of an aghori, Neenu (before posing as the humble Neenu). The aghori is also being shown exploiting Sheela (Parul Yadav) who comes seeking spiritual advice after being dejected in love.
Simultaneously, Neenu is seen being chased by top cop Sayaji Shinde who tries to find him and embezzle the property. Unknown about this, sleuths of the Crime Investigation Department (India) interpret Neenu as an undercover agent trying to nab the most wanted fugitive don, Saleem.
Neenu finally manages to subdue his chasers by instigating the cops against the goons and grips with Lakshmi. It becomes apparent that Mandakini is a fictional character imagined by the cops and Neenu is just a normal man. The will made by Mandakini of her property gives a philosophical view that when one stops saying Naanu or Me, which symbolizes fear, anger, jealousy and selfishness; holds to Neenu or You, which symbolizes gratitude, kindness, selflessness; and when one stops thinking about the past and the future, will happiness (khushi), the 'daughter' of Mandakini (calmness in the heart) would stay with him forever.