Kimmy Dora and The Temple of Kiyeme

Kimmy and Dora (both Eugene Domingo) are identical twins with different personalities. Kimmy is the smart, dictatorial type while Dora is the slow, dimwitted sister. However, they end up being close to each other and appreciate their love as sisters.
The film starts in a scene where Go Dong-hae's house is haunted by a ghost (Alodia Gosiengfiao). Mikky can smell her, Kimmy can hear her, and Dora can see her. The ghost targeted the girls' Korean father, Luisito Go Dong-hae (Ariel Ureta). When Mikky is tapping on the door, Dora followed him to her father's room. Dora opens the door and she sees her father in a state of shock. Before it happened, Kimmy and Dora were still close but their relationship seemed to be strained when Dora accidentally sabotaged the party by ordering the decorations of the venue in the same colour as Kimmy's dress. Frustrated, Kimmy fired everyone involved with the party before leaving. In the car, Kimmy's assistant, Gertrude (Miriam Quiambao), apologised for the fiasco, and Kimmy asked for the name of the head of the decoration committee and, upon learning it was Dora, pushed Gertrude out of the car while it was still moving. After the humiliating party, Luisito requested the two to go to Korea to pay respects to their ancestors. Not long after, Luisito received a package.
At the office, Barry (Zanjoe Marudo) brought some vegetables into the office of Kimmy. Meanwhile, Johnson (Dingdong Dantes) brings flowers and a teddy bear for Dora but he assumed that something bad happened to Dora because she was floating on the pool face down. After flipping her up, Johnson asked if they can take it to the next level. In the airplane, Kimmy heard a strange noise in the bathroom. Later, Dora briefly saw something strange.
In Korea, Dora and Kimmy go shopping and then rest at the park. In the park, Luisito briefly mistook a drummer girl for his ex-girlfriend, but decided it was not her. At a restaurant, he told his two daughters that they will go to a temple. After they visit the temple and pay respects to their ancestors, Luisito told the twins his three wishes before he dies: first, they must visit the temple every year. Second, he wanted them to listen to a story he will tell.
At that very moment, he told them a story about a family named Sang. The Sang family helped Luisito's family, the Go family, become rich, for they were only sellers of kimchi, and the third is that one of them must marry a Sang. The next day, they met the Sang family and their obese grandson, Daniel. Kimmy and Dora do not like Daniel but Daniel likes Dora. Noticing that none of his daughters wants to marry Daniel, Luisito attempts to gain more time. Kimmy heard an agonizing noise during a meeting and eventually fainted from hearing it. However, she was the only one who heard it. Once Kimmy was admitted into a hospital, Dora was told that her sister shows perfectly normal results. Barry visits her. When Kimmy woke up, she and Barry had a conversation, ending with Barry proposing to Kimmy. However, Barry encountered the ghost in an elevator and Dora found him in a state of shock once the door opened. Eventually, Johnson is also assaulted by the ghost after he proposes to Dora.
Luisito later told his daughters that the ghost haunting them may be his ex-girlfriend, Sang Kang-kang. When Luisito was still a young man, he was betrothed to her. However, he eventually started a relationship with Kimmy and Dora's Filipino mother, Charito. Upon finding out, Sang Kang-kang locked herself in her room,beats a drum regularly,eats only papers and eventually died from depression. Now, Sang Kang-kang is back for revenge. Later in their house, Kimmy kept hearing a strange sound and Mikky tapped on Dora's door, leading to the chain of events in the beginning of the film. With their loved ones in an extreme state of shock. Kimmy and Dora then find an album and knows that it was Sang Kang-kang's. After opening the album they see their loved one's soul with Sang Kang-kang and she says "They are all mine! Mine! Mine!" At the house Lolo and Manny are there for some ritual that will happen in their house and at night. After they call Sang Kang-kang's spirit Kimmy and Dora teams up with Gertrude, Elena, Manny and Lolo. Kimmy fighting Sang Kang-kang was a bad idea because Sang Kang-kang attacked all of them.
They now go to South Korea where Kimmy going to marry Daniel Sang when Lolo cames and destroy the wedding because of his idea. Dora who has a Butchers Knife and Kimmy who has a katana. Dora accidentally steps on Sang Kang-kang's tombstone where she appears and attacks Dora. After Dora was attacked, their mother Charito (Domingo) appeared in armour as their spirit protector and guardian, defeating Sang Kang-kang in combat. Their mother told them to take care of each other before returning to the afterlife. The story ends after Kimmy and Dora dance with Barry and Johnson.