Angrej

Angrej, an elderly man from India, arrives at his pre-partition home in Pakistan, where he meets the current residents. When asked about his time in Pakistan, he begins to tell them of his experiences in the pre-partitioned India.
In 1945, a young farmer Angrej and his friend Aslam, visit a carnival in a nearby village. Angrej meets Maado at the carnival and falls for her. She reciprocates his feelings and the two begin a secret relationship. He proposes marriage to Maado, but she is reluctant as her family would not approve of a love marriage, neither would Angrej's. He tells his mother of his intentions to marry Maado. Angrej's mother disapproves of the relationship, but his sister-in-law agrees to arrange for the marriage.
Later, when Angrej goes to inform Maado of the impending marriage proposal, he is caught by Maado's father. Before he could do anything, a snake bites him and he loses his ability to speak as a result of partial paralysis. Haakam, a rich landlord from Lahore and a distant relative of Maado's grandmother begins to frequently visit their house and falls in love with Maado. Angrej sells his buffalo in order to buy jewellery for Maado. However, she tells him that her family disapproves of his financial condition. She gives in to the advances made by Haakam, who brings her various gifts. Angrej is heartbroken when he witnesses a secret meeting between the two; Hakkam had brought a wood-cased radio for Maado from Lahore, much to her amusement.
Angrej's family is invited to his cousin's wedding, where he meets Dhann Kaur, his cousin's friend and the daughter of a wealthy aristocrat. The two also develop a friendship over the course of the next few days. Maado and her family are also present at the wedding. Kaur helps Angrej in getting back with Maado, but is herself attracted to him. Haakam arrives at the wedding with the groom's baraat; that night, he makes a pass at many women including Kaur. Angrej rebukes him and the two engage in a fight, but are later pacified by Maado's father. Hakkam continues to flirt with women and is caught by Maado the following day. Angrej consoles her and the two rekindle their romance. The wedding concludes on the day of the vidai and the guests begin to return home. Angrej bids farewell to Kaur, who is smitten by him by this point.
Angrej begins to dress like a landlord and buys a pair of gold bangles for Maado. Impressed by his new appearance, Maado proposes him for marriage. Angrej realises that he does not love Maado any more but instead wants to be with Kaur, who loves him. Aslam intimates him of Kaur's impending wedding to a landlord's son. Angrej then pleads his case to Kaur's father, who is enraged by his indecency and impudence. He threatens to shoot an undeterred Angrej as Kaur watches helplessly. Maado's father, who has recovered from his paralysis, intervenes and vouches for Angrej. He is able to convince Kaur's father to agree to the wedding, much to the delight of the couple.
In the present day, Angrej reveals that the purpose of his visit was to spread the ashes of his wife, Kaur. He spreads the ashes in the open fields around their old house as per her last wishes.