Arabeem Ottakom P. Madhavan Nayarum in Oru Marubhoomikkadha (അറബീം ഒട്ടകോം പി. മാധവൻ നായരും ഇൻ ഒരു മരുഭൂമിക്കഥ)

P. Madhavan Nair (Mohanlal) is a middle-aged Nair man who has come to toil in the deserts of the Middle East to fulfil his responsibilities to his family of two younger sisters who must be married, and a father whose debt has to be paid. Since he's a Nair he possessed several super powers that enabled him to enter Gulf without Visa and Passport. He has neither found the time to get married nor to have a life of his own. One day, he meets Meenakshi (Raai Laxmi). At the first, he was curious whether Meenakshi is a Nair. Later Madhavan realises that Meenakshi is a prostitute and thereby confirms that she should be having Nair traditions. They spent the day together and Meenakshi tells that she is going to get married with a muslim man. Meenakshi gives her number in a currency note and uses this money. Both leaves with heavy hearts, but they finally meets up after some years on a red street where Meenakshi worked then. He learns that her marriage didn't happen. The two gets engaged. One night, Madhavan finds someone with Meenakshi in the bedroom. He sees his boss's jacket in the couch. Overwhelmed with grief, he starts driving wildly in his car and is threatened by Abdu Kupleri (Mukesh), who had disguised as a thief. Madhavan tells Abdu that he is a Excellent Nair from a big illam. However, the car is submerged in the desert sand. The car was dead and Abdu scolds Madhavan, who was ashamed about what happened, for all that happened. They find a car near the road.
Thoma (Nedumudi Venu) is a rich miser living in the city with his adopted daughter, Eliana (Bhavana),who gets kidnapped. Thomas is called by the kidnapped and a ransom is ordered.
Meanwhile, Madhavan and Abdu finds a girl, Eliana, gagged in the car. They try to get rid of her and a series of funny events occur. Then Eliana reveals that she herself planned her kidnap as she needs money. But her plan is spoiled by them. She asks them to cooperate with her, otherwise she will have them arrested. Although Abdu agrees at once thinking of the money he will get, it takes some time to make Madhavan agree. They plan it all over again; this time asking more money for Madhavan and Abdu.
Eliana's uncle Jose (Maniyanpilla Raju) is a greedy man. He is planning to steal all the ransom money. He makes a deal with a local gangster to accomplish this and kill Eliana.
Madhavan, Abdu and Eliana stays in a wedding house and a series of confusion takes place when Thoma's driver (Suraj Venjaramoodu) comes in search of Eliana. The trio finally escapes from the place. The day to fetch the money arrives. The plan is spoiled by the gangster, whom Jose collaborates with, and the police, called by Thoma. The trio manages to escape in a car but Eliana jumps from the moving car. She is taken to Abdu's house where his wife (Lakshmi Gopalaswamy) and their two children lives. Abdu is in debts and his threatened by the money-lenders. Eliana tells that she was going because she didn't want to trouble the two anymore. She reveals that her lover was in jail and had needed money to release him. Madhavan stops her and says that they will get the money by thieving his boss. He wanted to take his revenge. His boss trusted him and had given him the secret code to his locker at office. Abdu and Madhavan breaks in at night wearing masks. They seal the CCTV camera with paper and steals the money. However, Madhavan loses his control and takes off the seal. He shouts back at the camera, removes his mask, vandalizes the room and calls his boss names. They finally escapes. Madhavan gets drunk and goes to Meenakshi's house and calls her names but is shocked to see two 'Meenakshi's. Meenakshi tells that the other one was Manasi, her twin sister and it was she and her husband who Madhavan saw that night. The boss had fallen into the pool at Madhavan's and Meenakshi's engagement and Meenakshi had given the jacket for laundry and it was returned in the evening on the same night Madhavan saw Manasi and her husband and Meenakshi had left the jacket on the couch. Madhavan realizes that Meenakshi still loves him. On realizing his mistake, he goes back to Abdu and finds him gagged. Madhavan saves him and Abdu tells that the gangster had kidnapped Eliana. They saves Eliana Meanwhile, the police arrives. Eliana tells to them that it was the gangster who kidnapped and that Madhavan and Abdu saved her. Madhavan tells Abdu to leave back the money. They have a fight and Abdu tearfully and reluctantly gives it back which is returned to the locker.
Thoma is shocked when he finds out Jose was trying to kill Eliana. He reveals that his wealth was not his but an Arab's, who had helped Thoma when he reached Dubai. The Arab had died and his daughter was looked after by Thoma and that daughter was Eliana and so she inherits his wealth. He says that that was why he is a miser as the wealth was not his. Jose and the gangster are arrested by the police.
The next day, the boss is tearful to see his room vandalized. The CCTV visuals are checked. Madhavan is sure that he will lose his job. But the visuals had been tampered by Abdu.
The movie ends with Madhavan paying back Abdu's debts and with all the money-lenders, Meenakshi and Eliana inviting Abdu and family to his marriage.