Robots

In Rivet Town, Rodney Copperbottom is a young inventor who idolises Bigweld, whose company develops useful machines. Rodney invents the Wonderbot to help his father Herb clean dishes at a restaurant. When Herb's supervisor confronts them, Wonderbot breaks the dishes, leaving Herb in debt. Rodney takes his invention to Robot City to work at Bigweld Industries and help pay back his father’s debt. On arrival, he learns Phineas T. Ratchet has taken over Bigweld Industries and stopped making spare parts in favour of expensive ‘upgrades’.
Rodney is thrown out and meets Fender Pinwheeler, Fender’s sister Piper, Crank, Lugnut, and Diesel, collectively known as ‘the Rusties’. Rodney stays with them at a boarding house owned by Aunt Fanny. Rodney begins fixing old robots, known as ‘outmodes’, in the neighborhood. Discovering this, Ratchet’s mother Madame Gasket orders Ratchet to stop Rodney and destroy Bigweld.
Rodney later receives news that Herb needs replacement parts, and decides to find Bigweld to ask him to return and keep on making spare parts. Wonderbot reminds him Bigweld will attend the Bigweld Ball. Rodney and Fender go to the ball in disguise only to hear Ratchet announce Bigweld is unable to attend. Rodney confronts Ratchet, but is captured by security. Cappy, a robot executive at Bigweld Industries opposed to Ratchet's plan, rescues Rodney and Fender.
Fender is captured by a sweeper and taken to the Chop Shop, where the city’s junk is melted down, but escapes. Meanwhile, Rodney and Cappy fly to Bigweld's house. Rodney asks Bigweld to return to Bigweld Industries and start making spare parts again, but Bigweld refuses, telling Rodney to give up and leave. Rodney calls his parents, intending to return to Rivet Town, but Herb convinces Rodney to stay. Rodney rallies the Rusties and prepares them for combat. Fender reveals Ratchet has built a fleet of super-sweepers to destroy all outmodes. Bigweld returns to the group, having regained his resolve.
The group return to Bigweld Industries where Bigweld fires Ratchet, but is tricked and knocked unconscious. Rodney, Cappy and the Rusties rescue Bigweld and are chased across the city, but leave Piper and Aunt Fanny behind. The remaining robots arrive at the Chop Shop, where Bigweld accidentally rolls into the processing area. Piper and Aunt Fanny arrive with an army of outmodes. A battle ensues between the outmodes, Gasket's henchmen and the super-sweepers ensues. Wonderbot fights Gasket, who falls into a furnace. Ratchett loses his upgrades after getting trapped in some chains. Rodney disables the super-sweepers and rescues Bigweld. Retaking control of Bigweld Industries, Bigweld visits Rivet Town to tell Rodney's parents their son is his ‘right-hand bot’ and eventual successor.