Aashiqui

Rahul (Rahul Roy) is angry with his dad for marrying a second wife, while his mother is still alive; in rage and in fury he pays an uninvited visit to the wedding where he throws his mother's (mangalsutra) and all the other household items she preserved. He breaks the windows of the wedding car and is hence arrested and sent to the nearest Police station ASAP.
Meanwhile, Anu (Anu Aggarwal) runs away from an oppressive girls' hostel run by Arnie Campbell (Tom Alter), who immediately reports to the police station that she is missing. The police catch her and keep her at a nearby Police station (which happens to be the same where Rahul is).
While waiting for Arnie, Rahul offers Anu his jacket, which she accepts. Arnie then arrives and takes her back to the oppressive hostel, promising the police inspector that this would never happen again. After they leave, the inspector turns to Rahul and offers him some advice and then lets him go back to his broken home.
Rahul can not stop thinking about the beautiful Anu. The very next day, Rahul returns to the hostel area and spots his jacket hanging outside the hostel and wishes to meet Anu. Since she lives in a girl's hostel there is no way he can enter. Hence, he plays cricket with his friend and deliberately aims the ball into the compound. The security lets him inside to retrieve the ball. Rahul goes inside and sees Anu climbing a ladder. She is very surprised by his presence and falls off that ladder. Rahul was unable to express his feelings for her and writes a note on the electricity bill his mother told him to pay that very day. Anu takes the note and leaves. His mother then is upset that Rahul did not pay the bill and asks his Master (Tailor) to help get the bill back.
The tailor helps Rahul get the bill along with a note where Anu requests him to meet her at the Main City Library the following Saturday. He arrives on time eagerly, where Anu tells him she has nothing to give him except "thank you", but Rahul says nobody can stop him from loving her, not even herself.
Soon after he leaves, Arnie catches her and takes her along to Ooty (another town) to be admitted in another hostel. Rahul employs a spy to eavesdrop and see where Anu is going next. The spy learns about Anu's travel plans and informs Rahul, who goes along with his friend to search for Anu and finds the place they are staying in. They find out that Arnie actually intended to get Anu married and lied to her about admitting her to a new hostel, because she would not have come along.
At the hostel, Arnie organises a farewell party for Anu and Anu invites Rahul. who promises to attend the party. After this party, they plan to elope (run away together). At the party, he runs away with Anu and then Arnie catches them both using the police. Anu has to return with Arnie and go to Ooty, while Rahul returns to his home.
After a few months, Rahul approaches Mr. Arnie as he can not forget his friend Anu, who he knows is unhappy. Rahul then finds out from Arnie all the details that Anu has a distant relative in Oozy named Uncle Peter who is an alcoholic. Long long ago, Peter had signed the documents and now he had full custody over her.
Rahul asks Arnie about her whereabouts and more details so that he could help her settle (and be more happy)and Arnie (wanting to help Anu) reveals everything. They both find Anu in a miserable state with Uncle Peter and bribe the uncle for a sum of 15,000 rupees on the condition that he signs the documents and is no longer Anu's legal guardian.
After Anu is finally free from both Arnie, the hostel and Uncle Peter, she wishes to become self-reliant and seeks admission in a typing institute. One day, she comes across a job advert searching for a model to run for "Jean Cardin "brand of clothes in Mumbai and requests Anu to audition. Anu agrees and wins a sum of 10,000 rupees along with a free tour to Paris and a secured residence. She thanks Rahul for all his help, but Rahul mentions to her that he loves her deeply and wants to marry her ASAP, to which Anu agrees, but she says she will need some time to prepare.
Rahul's mother, on hearing this story visits Anu and offers some advice, as she knows Anu is an orphan and lonely.
The next day, Rahul comes to the place where Anu is going through a photo shoot session. He hears the man in charge telling her to change into a swimming costume, to which Rahul disagrees. He tells him that they were planning to get married soon and he disapproves of such nakedness. He is even more shocked when he learns that Anu already signed a contract promising she would not get married within a span of two years.
Rahul is heartbroken by this decision and pens her a letter written with his blood.
As life goes on, years go by, and Rahul establishes himself as a singer.
Anu is also successful as a model and decides to further her career under the director Padamsee (Homi Wadia) who persuades her to accompany him to Paris.
When Rahul comes to stop her from boarding the flight, Anu agrees to abandon the director and stays behind to renew their relationship.