Pachaikili Muthucharam

Venkat (R. Sarathkumar), a medical representative, is a happily married person with a son. His wife Kalyani (Andrea Jeremiah) is very loving and both of them along with their son Nanda (Armaan) have a perfect life. That is, until their son falls sick and things between the husband and wife cool down a bit. Kalyani begins to spend more time with their son Nanda and starts to ignore her husband involuntarily. Venkat feeling a bit lonely and neglected walks in and out of his monotonous life without complaining much. He tries to understand his wife's feelings.
One morning while riding the train to work, Venkat notices Geetha (Jyothika) and spends a few extra seconds admiring her. The following day again he happens to stand next to her. And Geetha opens up the conversation with Venkat. Both married with kids, they feel they have a lot of common things between them and start a friendship together. At first it is platonic and they meet only in the train but slowly they start meeting at restaurants and coffee shops.
Geetha begins to get a little physically close to Venkat and she suggests that they both spend a day together watching movies or something alone. Venkat agrees and they take a taxi and drive to Mayajaal on East Coast Road. But at the last minute Geetha changes her mind and directs the taxi driver to go to a resort along the same road. Venkat books a room on Geetha's insistence.
A knock on the door prompts Venkat to open the door. A goon barges in and beats Venkat up. He robs the couple and also ties Venkat up before raping Geetha. Venkat is grief-stricken and they both part ways.
The goon who calls himself Lawrence (Milind Soman) starts calling Venkat and Geetha to harass them for money. Venkat takes the full financial responsibility and starts paying off the money that he had been saving for his son's medical expenses. With no choice left, Venkat confesses to Kalyani. Angry and disappointed, Kalyani leaves him. She returns, a few days later and forgives Venkat.
One day Venkat finds Geetha with Lawrence laughing down the street.He follows them and realizes he has been conned and this is their daily business.When the gang is pulling the same trick on another person he beats Lawrence and barges into hotel and explains it to new guy.A fight occurs Lawrence is killed, Venkat assumes Geetha is killed too.Venkat moves relocates with his family for a while and then Geetha kidnaps Venkats family. Finally he kills Geetha and the family lives happily ever after.