English Babu Desi Mem

Hari and Vikram (both played by Shah Rukh Khan) are brothers of the head of Mayur group of industries. Hari is a registered pilot and elder of the two brothers. Hari's father had promised his business partner that Hari will be married to the latter's daughter. Hari tries to resist the marriage but receives clear signals that his father won't budge. Once during a test flight, while Hari is flying solo, he fakes an accident that leads everyone to believe he died.
In reality, Hari survives. When he finally comes to the shore, he is in Mumbai. He meets a poor girl Katariya (Rajeshwari Sachdev) and the two fall in love. They get married and start their own family. Tragedy strikes when their house gets accidentally burnt and Hari and Katariya die. Their son, Nandlal "Nandu"(Sunny Singh) is brought up by Katariya's little sister Bijuriya (Sonali Bendre)
When Hari's son is 8 years old, Vikram comes to Mumbai. Vikram was never satisfied by the story that his brother died in a plane crash. After years of investigating, Vikram correctly predicts that his brother survived and most likely landed in India. He learns that Hari is dead, but his son is alive.
Vikram believes that as Hari's son (whom he affectionately calls Master Mayur) is the next generation of Mayur industries, he should be taken back with him. Bijuriya, who is a bar dancer at Banjo's Beer Bar, objects to this, thinking he is here to separate her and Nandu. Vikram and Bijuriya have not met yet. Vikram does not even know who has brought his nephew up. Bijuriya knows that if Vikram goes to court, she will lose Nandu forever.
Bijuriya pretends to be Princess Sonali, a royal family member who was Vikram's nephew's guardian. Vikram falls for her charade and slowly falls in love with her. But one day, her truth is exposed to him. Vikram decides to take his nephew back with him immediately. The nephew, who detests his newfound uncle and adores his aunt like a mother figure, protests this, but Vikram remains adamant.
Bijuriya forces Nandu to go with Vikram after getting to know that Nandu misses school and does petty jobs to earn money to marry off Bijuriya. She is forcibly taken to sleep with a goon Bheema Khalasi (Kiran Kumar) who had her eyes on her, just to fight for the child one last time. When Vikram learns about this, he comes to the hideout just before Bheema Khalasi is about to rape Bijuriya. Vikram overpowers the goon and saves Bijuriya. He is convinced that Bijuriya will be the best parent for his nephew. Vikram marries Bijuriya and takes her and his nephew back with him.