Judaai

When Kajal (Sridevi) marries Raaj (Anil Kapoor), an Engineer by profession, she and her dad (Kader Khan), automatically assume that he is rich, wealthy, and corrupt. Her father is very happy that his daughter does not have any in-laws, and that she'll get to rule the roost in her new house. But that is not the case. Raaj does not have an air-conditioner, a car, not even a refrigerator. This infuriates Kajal, and in her mind she creates a separate world, where she is rich, wealthy, has several cars, and lives lavishly in a big bungalow. Even the birth of two children (a young son and a little daughter) and several years of marriage do not change her. An example of this occurs when Kajal meets her old friend Nisha (Poonam Dhillon), who Kajal feeds a pack of lies that her husband is a business magnate, her family owns several cars, lives in a big bungalow, but Nisha, who is more wealthy than Kajal offers to give her a lift from the car only for Kajal to hear lots of lies about the directions to Nisha's house. Kajal is exposed when the bungalow she points out as her own turns out to be Nisha's. Friends of Kajal explain to her that no matter how little you have, your house is your home. When Jahnvi (Urmila Matondkar) Raaj's boss Sahni's (Saeed Jaffrey) niece comes from overseas, she meets Raj at the airport and assumes he is the car driver. After she behaves rudely with him, he sends her home alone, not caring what his boss would say about that. Jahnvi reaches the office well in time and praises Raj's attitude, but when she learns that he's an engineer working for her uncle's construction company, she apologises to him. Sahni introduces Jahnvi to Vikram Khanna, a handsome young guy, who is his business partner. Vikram observes Jahnvi and likes the young, naturally vivacious girl. She almost dreams of marrying her. They both become friends. One day, Vikram and Jahnvi go to see Jahnvi's guest house, at the new property. Sahni gets worried as the weather is getting bad; both have not returned till evening. As Raj is about to leave from the office for the farmhouse so that Jahnvi will be safe, Vikram asks Jahnvi for marriage very casually. But Jahnvi says that she doesn't find him special enough to be her choice and rejects his advances. Vikram then tries to get physical with her forcefully, but Jahnvi slaps him. Angered by the slap, Vikram throws her on the bed and forcibly tries to get intimate with her. But Raj arrives in the nick of time and saves Jahnvi. Vikram threatens him with the loss of his job, but he doesn't care. Jahnvi remembers how earlier, Raj had rejected a job and an apartment offer from a rival company due to Mr. Sahni's help. She starts liking Raj from that moment and falls in love with him thereafter. When she learns that he is a married man, she is adamant on getting married to Raj. After meeting the greedy Kajal inside the city's Ganesh temple, Jahnvi offers two crore rupees in exchange for marriage to Raj. Then Kajal, seeing this as her opportunity to gain wealth and an easy life, she suddenly accepts her proposal, not knowing that she is making a big mistake and this decision will change her life forever. Kajal forces Raaj into the agreement and gets a reluctant Raj and Jahnvi married and divorces Raj herself, to comply with the Hindu Marriage Act; thinking that she and Jahnvi will happily live together and share Raj.
She then uses the money she got in the bargain to buy a huge mansion and cars. Ironically, the bungalow she buys ends up being that of Nisha. She briefly returns to her old home to collect a picture of her husband. Kajal then proceeds to taunt her that she has fulfilled her dreams, whereas Nisha's dreams are now shattered having lost everything. Nisha reminds Kajal that she sold her house and possessions to pay for the treatment of her ill husband, whereas Kajal has sold her husband for riches; and that to some extent, Kajal is all the poorer for that. Kajal moulds herself like the page 3 socialites and this leads to Kajal neglecting her family. Raj initially feels rejected by Kajal and does not get close to Jahnvi, feeling objectified at the thought of being bought and sold between his two wives. But the children and Raj find companionship with Jahnvi, who showers them with love and affection. She changes herself and becomes a typical middle class type Indian housewife. She gets up early, does pooja and then cooks tasty food for her family. She does not mind tiring herself all day learning new dishes and rituals as she finds solace in this quiet, peaceful life. She even travels happily in crowded buses and autos so as to make Raaj and the kids feel secure and happy around her. She abandons all the luxury and comforts she grew up with. The children call Jahnvi "Maa", something that Kajal would previously reprimand her children for calling her; insisting that they call her "Mummy" as this sounded high society.
Now Kajal realises how far she has drifted from her family. She forgets her wedding anniversary and throws a birthday party for her daughter's birthday, not realising that Raj has never been attracted to a lavish lifestyle and thus further pushing him away from her and towards Jahnvi. After frequent reminders from her mother, Kajal tries to make amends. When nothing works, Kajal shocks her husband when she slaps Jahnvi and accuses her of stealing her husband and tries to make Jahnvi leave. Kajal offers Jahnvi all her money back in exchange for Raj again, only to be told by Raj that she is the poorest relation despite having all the riches she ever dreamed of. On advice of her friend, Kajal seeks legal advice which also states that the only way she can legally marry Raj is to get Jahnvi and Raj to divorce – an impossible task. She then forcibly tries to throw Jahnvi out of the house, but to no avail, as Raj decides to leave with Jahnvi claiming that in the present circumstances, this is the fairest thing to do. The kids decide to stay with Janhvi and their father – heartbroken as they learn that their father was sold, prompting the son to ask his mother Kajal about the prospect of them being sold to another family at an agreed price.
Kajal on the other hand, disraught by her family abandoning her, donates all her riches, in order to pay her dues. When she learns that Raj and the kids are leaving for the US, she runs to the airport for one final visit. She finds them ready to depart. But in a last minute twist in the plot, Jahnvi turns to Raj and tells them that she is leaving for the US alone, but she is not literally alone. She is expecting Raj's child. Jahnvi accepts that although Kajal sold her husband, it was her who offered to buy him and thus she too should pay her dues. So, the movie ends with Kajal getting her family back, learning of the importance of family over money and Jahnvi leaving for New York forever.