Pataas

Kalyan Sinha (Nandamuri Kalyan Ram) is a corrupt IPS officer who gets himself transferred to Hyderabad as ACP and misuses his power to gain monetary benefits in unorthodox methods. During this process, he also encourages a local MP named GK (Ashutosh Rana) who has become a huge headache to Murali Krishna (Saikumar Pudipeddi), the DGP of Telangana . Kalyan happens to be Murali's son who is angry on the latter as his supposed negligence killed his mother and just born sister, though Murali actually left his wife in the hospital to save several families in a riot. Unaware of this, Kalyan left Murali and joined an orphanage and became an IPS officer to seek revenge on his father. During his life at Hyderabad, Kalyan also meets two women; Mahathi, (Shruti Sodhi) journalist working for TV5 and Kavya (Prachi Thaker), a deaf-mute philanthropist who works in a coffee shop. He loves Mahathi and expects her to reciprocate the same only to be rejected by her because of his corrupt nature. Kavya is killed by GK's brother Nani when she tries to save a techie from being assaulted sexually by him near HITEC City.
Kalyan considered Kavya as his sister and her death enrages him and he turns against GK. GK wants to make Nani a politician while Kalyan challenges GK to save Nani from getting arrested. GK manages to kidnap the techie but with the help of a transgender (Madhunandan), who also is the primary witness, Kalyan arrests Nani with a non bailable warrant. He also challenges GK to bring Nani out of jail within 3 days. Murali and Kalyan are united and Kalyan's marriage with Mahathi is approved. On the third day, GK's men kidnap the transgender and Mahathi. Murali along with his team go to the spot to save the witness. Kalyan manages to save Mahathi but is very far from the spot. Meanwhile, Murali and his team along with the transgender are killed by GK and his partners. Nani and his friends are released from the jail and Kalyan plans to kill all of them with the help of an old NRI turned actor "Tsunami star" Subhash (M. S. Narayana).
First, Kalyan and his team assault one of GK's partners and his son and throw them on a railway track. They die with a non stop super fast train passing over them. The other partner and his son are intoxicated and their car is made to collide a static truck. Subhash enters the spot in disguise as a taxi driver and presents himself as a witness to that accident citing over drunk being the reason behind those two deaths. GK's two key henchmen are killed by transgender people and police, with the help of Subhash, make media believe that they were killed in a stampede caused by fans of actress Tamannaah when they came to know that she is inaugurating a mall. Subhash faces the media in disguise as a fan of Tamannaah and reconfirms the same.
GK plans to escape to Delhi along with Nani to gain his position as an MP again with high security but is trapped by Ramesh, the head of police security who failed to arrest GK in the past in an illegal land acquisition dispute. They reach the same spot where Murali was killed and after being severely assaulted by Kalyan, the duo are made to sit in a car on which petrol is poured. The police shoot the car and the duo die in a blast. Subhash enters the spot as himself who says to the media that he visited this place as a part of location scouting and the duo died in a blast as they were smoking in a "no smoking" area which caused the blast.