Andhhagadu

Gautham (Raj Tarun) is an orphaned and blinded youngster who works as a Radio Jockey in Vizag. Gautham is in search for an eye donor and a soulmate at that time he meets an eye specialist Dr. Netra (Hebah Patel) and falls for her looking at her ever-so-helping nature. He is helped by his friend. He starts inspiring her by hiding his blindness and acting as normal after few funny incidents Netra also starts loving him. When she discovers the reality of Gautham she dumps him, the heartbroken Gautham also starts disliking her and decides to love a better girl after getting his eyesight. But Netra still loves him, so she only arranges a donor for his eye transplantation and within no time Gautham is able to see.
After getting his eyesight everyday Gautham gets some mysterious dreams. Meanwhile, Gautham again falls in love with Netra only without knowing her identity and she acts as a dumb girl because he may recognise her voice. After some time Gautham comes to know she is only Netra and because of her only he got his eyesight, at last, all misunderstandings arises between them they get ready for marriage. Suddenly, a person named Ranjith Kulkarni (Rajendra Prasad) arrives into Gautham's life as Netra's father and keeps few funny tests to give his daughter's hand such as making all medical tests, nonstop 20 rounds in a ground and taking breaks from the vehicle of Assistant Commissioner Dharma (Sayaji Shinde), finally, he agrees to their match and asks him to meet him at his house.
Next day when Gautham visits Netra's house he is surprised to see Commissioner Dharma as Netra's father and when he reveals the truth no one believes it finally he says person called Ranjith Kulkarni is doing all these things, where a shocking incident arises, Netra reveals that the person has dead two months before and his eyes are only transplanted to Gautham. Then Gautham understands that person chasing him is Ranjith Kulkarni's soul, from where Kulkarni makes Gautham's life miserable by showcasing as a madman before everyone and creates enmity with a dreaded goon Baddam Babji (Raja Ravindra) by killing his men one by one through Gautham. Gautam is also narratting this whole story to an eye doctor, as Gautam requests the doctor to take out his eyes. Gautam then explains that the reason he is the only one who can see Kulkarni's ghost is because he has Kulkarni's eyes. The eye specialist, who is also a close friend of Commissioner Dharma, and he makes the Commissioner believe the story about the ghost. However, the eye specialist then sees a funeral where he finds out that Kulkarni is a businessman. He goes to Gautam's house, where he finds out that this is a whole plan that Gautam drew up, and he made up the story about Kulkarni. He then goes to Gautam's girlfriend's house, where he confronts Gautam. Gautam tells him that when he was at a blind kid's orphanage, his three friends went to get an eye transplant. However, on the way back, they saw Baddam Babji kill their driver and another man. Babji then kills them all. Gautam explains that this is all a revenge scheme drew up by him. He then fights Babji, who kidnaps Netra and his friend at the beginning of the movie. He then marries Netra and lives happily ever after, after shooting Babji.