Vinayaka Chaviti

The plot is narrated by storyteller for the benefit of the devotees. It begins with Goddess Parvathi Devi making a mud sculpture of a child in human form and breathing life into it. She makes this child her guard when she goes to the bath. She orders him not to let anyone in. When Lord Shiva tries to enter, this child stops him and invites Shiva's anger. Shiva beheads him. Later, knowing from Parvati that the child is his son, he brings the child back to life but with an elephant head (Shiva had once granted this boon to a Rakshasa who became his devotee). They name him Gajanana (In Sanskrit, Gaja = Elephant, Anana = Face) and make him the lord of the Ganas. During a court function, Chandra (Moon god) laughs at him and gets cursed that no one shall see his face on Vinayaka Chavithi. Should anyone happen to see, he/she shall face ignominy brought on by false rumor.
Lord Krishna one day in the house of Rukmini (Krishna Kumari) sees the shadow of Chandra in milk. Satrajit (Gummadi) is a staunch devotee of Surya and prays him regularly. His brother is Prasena (Rajanala) and daughter Satyabhama or Satrajiti (Jamuna). He promises to marry his daughter to Satadhanva (Nageswara Rao). Surya impressed by his bhakti gives him the Syamantaka jewel which gives a lot of gold daily. Krishna requests Satrajit to give it to him so that he could use it in the service of his people. Satrajit refuses to do so. He gives it to his brother Prasena to protect it. One day Prasena goes hunting into the forest. A Lion kills him and runs off with the jewel. Jambavanta kills the Lion and takes the Syamataka and gives it to his daughter Jambavati. Knowing about the slaying of his brother, Satrajit blames Krishna for killing him. He also prepared for the marriage of his daughter, whereas Satyabhama loves Krishna. Krishna with family goes to the forest and finds out the facts and that the jewel is in the possession of Jambavanta. Krishna fights with this Jambavanta continuously for 28 days and defeats him. Finally, Jambavanta understands that Krishna is none other than the incarnation of His Lord Rama (Jambavanta, at the end of the War against Ravana in the Ramayana, had requested that he be allowed to have a duel with Rama himself. Rama promised him then, that in Rama's next life or avatar, Jambavanta would be granted such an opportunity). He gives away the Jewel along with his daughter to Krishna, who returns to Dwaraka and calls upon Satrajit and presents the Jewel back to him. Guilty of blaming Krishna for no reason, Satrajit gives the Jewel and his daughter Satyabhama to Lord Krishna. Satadhanva knowing about it furiously arrives with forces and kills Satrajit and tries to abduct Satyabhama. Krishna kills him with Sudarshana Chakra. Krishna marries both Satyabhama and Jambavathi.