Abraham & Lincoln

Abraham (Kalebhaven) and Lincoln (Rahman) are visited in a White House to talk about it to arrive with the concluded story by visiting Rajan P. Dev to conclude it. Abraham and Lincoln knows that a Assassin named Salim Kumar is with Rajan P. Dev who broke his heart. Abraham and Lincoln and Rajan P. Dev and Salim have a group of Assassins and then Abraham attacks them and leaves them for dead.
Abraham and Lincoln and Rajan and Salim stop by to check out the parlor and then a group of assassins arrive and then Abraham kills the assassins and then goes in the parlor to take a view. During a Cold War Abraham and Lincoln says that he is with Rajan and Salim to know what is going on with it and then a group of War members arrive and then Abraham kills them and then stops and puts a end to the war. Abraham and Lincoln and Rajan and Salim meets with Phillip Anthony (Anoop Mennon) to say and request out the number. Abraham and Lincoln and Rajan and Salim both deal with Phillip Anthony a asssassin associate and then a group of Serial members arrive and then Abraham kills them and then they deal with it together. Abraham and Lincoln fights Salim and then Salim is killed because he is a Assassin to save Phillip Anthony. Abraham and Lincoln and Phillip Anthony both meet Shweta Mennon and Ambika Mohan and T.G. Ravi. Abraham and Lincoln takes Phillip Anthony and Shweta Mennon and Ambika and T.G. To a plaza. Abraham goes to a airport to pick up a crane and then delivers it to Shweta and Ambika and T.G. and then they take a look. Abraham and Lincoln both have a deal with Shweta and Ambika and T.G to give answers of politics. Abraham and Shweta and Ambika and T.G. and Phillip and Rajan Salim take both the answers from the instruction book.
Abraham and Lincoln return to the White House and then they speak with Jagathi and Philip and Ambika to know the answer is right while Shweta and T.G. Both have comments and then they answer. Abraham and Lincoln goes to a getaway car and then a group of guards arrive and then Abraham knocks the guards and then wipes them out and then escapes in a getaway car. Abraham swims to the boat where Lincoln is waiting and then Phillip Anthony and his army arrive and then Abraham kills Phillip's army on the boat and then jumps into the water and gets to shore to escape. Abraham and Lincoln cross the road to the Stadium and then they look in the stadium to take a loot of photo's. Abraham and Lincoln is using a motor car and then they use it to make a good speed. Abraham and Lincoln leaves together to know that Phillip and his army arrive to attack him and then Abraham attacks and kills his army and then escapes Phillip Anthony. During a Assault joint Abraham and Lincoln finds a Assault member named Jagathi who has T.G. Kidnapped and then Abraham attacks Jagathi and then kills him and then a group of Jagathi's War members arrive and then Abraham and Lincoln wipes out Jagathis War members and then gets out of there area. Abraham and Lincoln take a truck with cargo in it and then they have a group of war members and then Abraham kills them and steals a truck full of cargo and then escapes with it to a cliff.
In the final scene Abraham and Lincoln finds Phillip and his army and then Abraham kills the entire of Phillip's army and then Abraham and Lincoln stand together and go to the stage to find Phillip Anthony and then he pulls out a gun and then Abraham is shot in the leg and then a group of Phillip's army goes inside and then Abraham kills them and then kills Anthony Phillip and then Abraham dies and then Lincoln also dies from being shot by Phillip's army after killing them while T.G. Arrives to find them and then she hangs around and goes outside to her car. In the ending scene T.G. Drives to a subway train and then boards it and remembers the day that Abraham and Lincoln both died.