Ee Thanutha Veluppan Kalathu

Justice T Vasudev (Babu Namboothiri) is murdered in his house, and after his death Coir (coconut fibre) is pushed into his mouth by the murderer. One of his close friend Kuwait Mani (M. G. Soman), a business man seemed to be quite upset with this murder. Days later, Kuwait Mani was killed in a fatal and intentionally created car accident. After his death too, coir was inserted in the mouth. Police Superintendent Haridas Damodaran (Mammootty) heads the investigation. He orders his sub-ordinate Joy (Lalu Alex) to collect details of similar murder cases from history. It is found that Rosario Fernandes (Devan), who was found to have poisoned himself to death had also coir in his mouth. The police had not thought this significant, as it was something that a victim might do in his last moments after consuming poison.
The investigation later reveals that all of the victims were college classmates, and the next target is expected to be Philip Thennalackal George (Murali), who is a businessman. Investigations lead them to suspect "Christy" (Suresh Gopi), who was the son of Rosario Fernandes and Sreedevi Rosario (Lakshmi). Sreedevi had died bed-ridden owing to a disease. Haridas captures further information about Christy by meeting Sreedevi's father C. K. Gopala Menon(Prathapachandran), that he was behaving abnormally of late and now his whereabouts are unknown. From Nurse Leeladevi (Kaviyoor Ponnamma), it was also traced that Christy was present in mysterious circumstances when Sreedevi breathed her last in the hospital. On roughly questioning Philip, he comments that they (Vasudev, Mani, Philip and Rosario) all had a longing for Sreedevi in their college days, but she didn't bother about them. When an opportunity came, they had gang raped her.
During an event Haridas meets the chief guest Warrier (Nedumudi Venu) who is a spiritual leader having devotees all around the world. Later, Warrier receives a telephoned death threat. He reports the incident to Haridas who initiates an investigation into the source of the threat.
Police are able to trace and arrest Christy on murder charges, and he is returned to the mental asylum he had escaped from. While undergoing treatment there, Haridas transfers Christy to the police hospital citing better treatment and caring. Christy is subjected to a form of hypnotism, from where Haridas gets allegedly made to believe that Christy has been misled by someone, who is responsible for the crimes. Later Christy escapes from this hospital creating more trouble for Haridas and a threat to his job. Proving whether Christy or an unknown perpetrator is the culprit forms the basis of the rest of the investigation.