Mathar Kula Manickam

The film is based on two couples – where the first couple Dr. Chandra Shekar (Gemini Ganesan) & Parvathi (Anjali Devi) and the second couple is Ravi (A. Nageswara Rao) & Lakshmi (Savitri). Ravi & Lakshmi are happy lovers. Ravi is summoned and asked to marry another girl forcibly. Since his father's life & honor are at stake, Ravi agrees to the marriage. Simultaneously another marriage takes place in the same village Dr. Chandra Shekar visits his best friend's sister marriage but the marriage cancels in the last moment due to dowry problems to keep up his friend's prestige Shekar marriage's his sister called Parvathi. Due to sudden marriage, the couple doesn't see each other. Thereby because marriage is happening without his wish Ravi also not seen the bride's face. Both the bridal parties traveling on the same train which run into a disastrous accident. In the accident Ravi's parents and wife are dead. Parvathi was lying unconscious in bridal dress and Ravi mistakes her as his wife and takes her to home. Shekar thinks that both his friend & wife are dead. Before it is too late Ravi realizes his terrible mistake. He keeps it secret from Parvathi and engaged himself in the relentless task of finding Parvathi's husband and restoring them. Before he could succeed there arises clashes between him & Lakshmi because she mistakes Parvathi as Ravi's wife. Parvathi also comes to know the truth and fled from Ravi's house with shame & agony, She fells into a river and fate again intervened to save by her own mother-in-law and lands in her husband Shekar's house. Living in her in-law's she is not able to reveal her identity because of a hesitation that Shekar may doubt her virginity. Parallelly, fate again snatched Lakshmi gets mentally sick because of the cheating made by Ravi and she is admitted in Shekar's hospital only during the time of treatment Lakshmi, Shekar, and their families come closer. Their parents want to make the marriage. Parvathi also happily agrees to make re-marriage to her husband. During the time engagement, Ravi arrives and reveals entire truth. Shekar also accepts Parvathi holy heartedly and both of them thanks, Ravi. Lakshmi also says sorry to him. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Ravi & Lakshmi.