Black Butler: Book of the Atlantic

Ciel, Sebastian and Snake board the luxury liner Campania on her maiden voyage to investigate the mysterious Aurora Society, who is rumored to perform experiments to raise the dead. Onboard the ship, is also Elizabeth, her older brother and parents as well. While sneaking into a meeting of the Aurora Society, where they have a short meeting with Undertaker, Ciel and Sebastian witness doctor Rian Stoker use a machine to reanimate a dead woman, who starts attacking the attendants. Ciel chases Stoker but meets Elizabeth and Snake instead in the ship's cargo, where they find several other reanimated corpses who attack them, but Sebastian appears in the nick of time to rescue them. Upon interrogating Stoker, Ciel discovers that a larger batch of corpses is stored in another place of the ship, as they also awaken and attack the ship's crew and passengers. Amidst the chaos, the ship crashes into an iceberg and starts sinking.
While attempting to escape, Ciel, Elizabeth and Sebastian are approached by Grell Sutcliff and Ronald Knox, who despite being onboard the ship to investigate the Aurora Society as well, attack Sebastian for being a demon. The two reapers distract Sebastian while Elizabeth and an injured Ciel are about to be overrun by the monsters when Elizabeth decides to make use of her fencing skills to dispatch them with ease. While the reapers give up on fighting Sebastian to look for Stoker, Ciel and the others reach Elizabeth's family as they prepare to evacuate the ship. After leaving Elizabeth and Snake with them, Ciel and Sebastian return to confront Stoker as well and discover that the whole incident was orchestrated by Undertaker, who reveals that he is a retired reaper and that he arranged for the Aurora Society to get their hands on the process to reanimate corpses as part of his own experiment.
While fighting Undertaker with the reaper’s help, Sebastian is wounded by Undertaker's death scythe while protecting Ciel, and the reaper witnesses the moment when the two formed their contract, as well as Sebastian and Ciel's training until Ciel receives his title as Earl Phantomhive. Back in the present, Undertaker makes his escape as the ship is about to sink completely and Stoker falls to his death, with Ciel snatching Undertaker's funeral lockets in the confusion. Both Sebastian and Ciel barely escape the ship on a lifeboat, but they find themselves surrounded by the remaining corpses and knowing that they will attack the other survivors should they attempt to escape, Sebastian have no option to fight and destroy all of them by himself to the last one to protect Ciel. The next day, with all corpses disposed, a rescue boat appears to pick them up.
In the post-credits, William appears to rescue Grell and Ronald, scolding them for failing in their task, while Sebastian and Ciel meet their friends aboard the rescue boat.