Sega

The film starts by showing a girl named Revathy (Nithya Menen) forwarding towards the beach and drowning herself in it.The film is then set 18 years back in a slum in Chennai. Balaji (Muthukumar)'s mother dies and his father Jyothi (Sheimour), a drunkard, leaves him on the streets. He works hard and ensures a decent living for his younger brother Karthik (Nani) with the help of Revathy's father. Karthik, who studies in an engineering college, spends all his time with his friend Vishnu (Karthik Kumar), who is also brought up in the locality. Revathy in the neighbourhood loves Karthik. Revathy, Karthik and Vishnu are close friends. Vishnu also owns a mechanic shop but is not generating enough income. Vishnu's guardian pesters Vishnu to sell it and to look for a decent job which generates enough income to ensure financial security for the foreseeable future but Vishnu refuses as the shop is the only surviving memory of his late father.
Jyothi takes to illegal ways and makes money working for a drug peddler Ammaji (Jennifer). Balaji does not want his brother Karthik to join with his father, Jyothi as he left them on streets in his young age. Jyothi supplies call girls to men in that locality. Knowing that Vishnu is in love with Viji (Bindu Madhavi), a call girl in the locality, and also needs money as his shop is not earning enough, Jothi decides to exploit him for his selfish gain of transaction of a drug. He gives him an assignment — to transport drugs to Pondicherry, promising to give him Viji if he completes the work. Vishnu takes the help of Karthik and leaves for Pondicherry. Viji hears that Jyothi is planning to sell the drug to Ammaji's official enemy. She tries to save Vishnu through Jothi's assistant. Meanwhile, Revathy's father survives a heart attack and are desperate to contact Karthik and Vishnu while in hospital. Balaji finds Karthik in Jyothi's car and searches him for a week. Meanwhile, Jyothi's assistant warns vishnu about Jyothi's plan. Balaji finds Karthik in a bakery after a week and hits him. Karthik in anger leaves his house to Visnu's house giving a phone to Revathy, leaves the drug in his cupboard. Vishnu searches the drug in his bag in his house fights with Karthik. Karthik gets hurt in his head from a chair and faints. Vishnu's guardian kills Vishnu as he wanted to sell the mechanic shop which Vishnu owned. Viji dies in depression of Vishnu's death. Police arrest Karthik thinking he would have killed Vishnu.
Karthik comes out through Jyothi's help. Balaji, Karthik and Jothi go to Ammaji where they find that Ammaji's official enemy have joint together. They try to kill Jothi but Balaji and Karthik save him and kill everybody there and Jyothi kills Ammaji.They go to Jothi's house and start drinking, and upon being asked by Jyothi about the drug, Karthik replies that Revathy had found the drug in Karthik's cupboard. She took the drug to Jyothi's house, where a man tried to rape, she escaped and dissolved the drug in beach. Later, Balaji gives Jyothi a glass of poisoned Beer for he left them alone in their young age and Karthik joins his brother and kills him for the reason for his friend, Visnu's death. People nearby them agree not to let anyone know that they murdered Jyothi. The film ends as both brothers walk out of the room together.