Godha

In Punjab, Aditi Singh (Wamiqa Gabbi) is a Punjab University wrestling champion. Her late father had encouraged her to take up wrestling from a young age but her older brother restricts her, sometimes through violent means.
In a small village in Kerala, wrestling used to be a passion for the old generations but the younger generation has moved on to cricket. They frequently clash over Manayathuvayal, a large field where wrestling competitions used to happen years earlier. Aanjaneya Das (Tovino Thomas) is one of the youth of the village that play cricket and is generally aimless in life. Captain (Renji Panicker), who used to be the wrestling champion of the village and his father, sends him to Punjab University against his wishes to enroll him in Master's. There he meets and befriends Aditi and he falls in love with her.
However, her brother fixes her marriage against her wishes and while he takes her home by force, Das interferes and assaults her brother who is a Punjab police officer. Upon Aditi's insistence, he returns to Kerala temporarily until things cool off. But a few days later, he gets a call from Aditi informing him that she ran away to escape from marriage and has landed in his village.
Das lodges her in his home without his parents' knowledge but news soon spreads to his family and later, the village. They reluctantly let her stay there while Das' friends try to woo her. During a temple festival, Aditi takes down two drunkards who misbehave with her. Impressed by her wrestling moves, Captain decides to train her at his gym while Das' friends leave cricket and take up wrestling to get closer to her which irritates Das.
During training, Captain pushes her to work hard and enroll in national wrestling championships while Aditi's mingling and friendship with Das' friends enrages him. One night, he scolds Aditi for her behavior while she reminds him that he has no right to control her actions. Hurt, he apologizes but they are overheard by Captain. Captain tells Das that she aims to become a wrestling champion and encourages him to find his own aim in order to become her equal. A flashback shows that Das was a junior wrestling champion under his father's tutelage but he quit due to his strict and tough training which soured their relationship ever since.
Das realizes that his aim and desire was always to be a wrestling champion and vows to be one, no matter what hardships he faces. He joins his dad's gym while Aditi trains to represent Kerala in National Games. During National Games, the officials inform them that Aditi is ineligible as she is from Punjab. Hurt, she sees her arch-nemesis, Pinto, winning gold. After the match, they exchange heated words and Aditi challenges her to a wrestling competition in Manayathuvayal which she accepts.
The entire village prepares for the competition and the young generation takes initiative in preparing Manayathuvayal for the same. Aditi's brother tracks her to the village and reaches the venue as the competition starts. After fighting hard, Aditi wins the competition earning her brother's approval and inspiring Das while the entire village celebrates her victory.