Aadmi

Aadmi is the story of an honest man (Vijay M. Srivastav) and his fight against corruption and the country's traitors, but he is trapped and jailed for a crime (murder of his own parents and brother), which he never committed. Vijay Srivastav had lived a middle-classed lifestyle in Bombay along with dad, Mohanlal, mom, Sharda, and a younger brother, Raju. His father and brother managed a restaurant named "Sahiba", while Vijay worked as a Supervisor at the Ordnance Factory that manufacturers RDX for the Government of India and also moonlighted as a self-defense instructor. He met with wealthy Rekha, the only daughter of Advocate Saxena, and both fell in love with each other.
Their respective parents met and arranged their marriage. While his father went to invite Vijay's office boss Trikal, he witnessed Trikal's terrorist activities. Trikal and his son-in-law, Minister D. P. Singh were involved with anti-state activities. They sent two henchmen to kill the family of Vijay. In a bomb blast, all three members of Vijay's family were murdered and Vijay was arrested by the police and charged with killing his parents and brother, tried in court, found guilty, and sentenced to five years in jail. On his first day behind bars, he is approached by jailor Samsher Singh as well as DCP Deshmikh, who asks him to cooperate and abduct one Deepak, the son of an underworld don, and if he does so, he will not only aid the police, but his crime will be pardoned and he will be released.
He comes out of jail, abducts Deepak and returns to jail with good faith, but later he realizes that Deepak has nothing to do with any underworld don, but he is the son of an honest man, Hiralal. The whole trap was made by his ex boss Trikal. Corrupt DCP Deshmukh is working for Trikal. Now Vijay bursts out in anger and fled from the jail to destroy all his enemies. Among other things, this film was notable for well known villain Shakti Kapoor's rare positive role of an honest police officer.[1]