Chandraharam

Once upon a time, there was kingdom called Chandana Desam it's King is blessed with a baby boy with the boon of Lord Chandra and he named as Chandanraju. Chadan was born with a necklace called Chandraharam and his life is preserved in it. At the age of five, Chandan was sent to Maali (S. V. Ranga Rao) for education and he was brought up in the care of Maali. Now Chandan (N. T. Rama Rao) should get married otherwise his life is in danger hence his parents get portraits of neighboring princesses. But Chandan had a dream girl and wants to marry her so king asks Maali to search for such a girl and sends Chandan to tour the country. Chandan’s brother-in-law Dhoomekatu (Relangi) is greedy for the kingdom and wants to break the marriage of Chandran so that he will die. Hence he sends Niksheparayudu to follow Chandan. Niksheparayudu sees Chandan’s dream girl Gowri (Sriranjani Jr.) in a village. Niksheparayudu cleverly manages Gouri’s stepmother and hides Gouri her. Also fixes her marriage with a mentally retarded fellow. But Gouri’s father dislikes this proposal and sends away Gauri secretly. Chanchala (Savitri) an angel loves Chandan but he refuses. She snatches his Chadraharam and says he will be alive only in the night. Achala sister of Chanchala notices Gauri in an unconscious state and takes her to Chandan. Maali performs their marriage. Dhoomketu threatens King to get him crowned and helpless king agrees for it. During this time Niksheparayudu notices Gouri at Maali’s house. Maali takes Gouri and hides her inside a temple. Meanwhile, Chanchala gets angry as Chandan as he has left for the palace, so she kills him. Dhoomketu orders to keep Gouri also on the funeral pyre. Finally, Gauri's devotion & willpower makes Chandan alive, Chanchala is cursed by Lord Indra (R. Nageswara Rao) by taking off all her supernatural powers and Dhoomekatu & Niksheparayudu also realizes their mistake. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the crowning ceremony of Chadanraju.