Their Finest

The film is set in London in 1940. Catrin Cole is summoned to an interview at the Ministry of Information, where she is taken on to write scripts for short information films. Her husband Ellis Cole is a war artist, unable to secure an exhibition and exempted from conscription due to a Spanish Civil War leg wound. He is initially accepting of her job, but when she becomes the only wage earner he begins to feel threatened and plans to send her back home to Wales, on the pretence of keeping her safe from the London Blitz.
After a clash with the actor Ambrose Hilliard when he asks for a change to one of her scripts, Catrin's superiors send her to research a news story about twin sisters Lily and Rose sailing their father's boat to take part in the Dunkirk evacuation. She discovers that they had actually been mistakenly reported as reaching Dunkirk. In reality, their boat had engine trouble just off Southend-on-Sea shortly after setting off, and they had to be towed back into port by a tug that had taken part in the evacuation. At risk of losing her Ministry job and being sent back to Wales, Catrin lies to her superiors and they agree to make the film as "The Nancy Starling," with Catrin, Tom Buckley, and Raymond Parfitt as the scriptwriters. They begin to write a scenario and, when their superiors discover the deception, convince them to continue the film as fiction rather than a documentary.
Hilliard's agent, Sammy, offers him the part of drunken "Uncle Frank." He refuses out of pride, but, after Sammy's death in an air raid, Hilliard is reluctantly won over by Sammy's sister Sophie, who has taken over his talent agency. Hilliard, initially put off by her businesslike approach, is won over as his public image improves. Initial location photography in Devon begins, but rapid rewrites prove necessary when an American character is added on the orders of the Secretary of State for War, to give the film more appeal in the US. The Secretary also orders that the character must be played by Carl Lundbeck, a handsome Norwegian-American pilot from an Eagle Squadron, who proved photogenic in silent film but unable to act in talkies. The film is saved by judicious editing, as well as by Catrin convincing Hilliard to give Lundbeck acting lessons in return for improvements to Hilliard's part.
Catrin and Buckley develop a combative friendship and affection during the location filming, but delays cause her to miss the opening of her husband's art exhibition. Just before leaving to see the exhibition's final day, Catrin reveals to Phyl that she is in fact Ellis's long-term lover and not his wife, having taken his name for the sake of propriety. She had run away with him; the ring she’s wearing she had purchased herself. When visiting London, she finds Ellis having sex with another woman and breaks up with him, going back to Devon. Buckley has found out about the nature of Catrin's marriage. He proposes to her, but she refuses and they argue. Soon after arriving in London for interior photography, Catrin changes her mind and rewrites the end of the script, making it clear to Tom that she loves him. They kiss, just before a stage hand asks Catrin to come answer a query from Hilliard about rewriting his character. Buckley goes to answer it instead of Catrin, but as he turns to look back at Catrin, he is killed by a falling lighting rig. With several actors including Hilliard injured, filming is delayed, and Lundbeck ends up having to return to his squadron. Hilliard is visited in hospital by Sophie, who suggests he should come and stay with her to convalesce. In the meantime, the producers fear the movie has to be scrapped, because there is no one to play the role of fixing the boat propeller in the movie.
A more US-audience-friendly ending is added and the gap in the film is filled by Catrin's suggestion that one of the twins, Rose, fix the boat's fouled propeller, instead of a male character; a change she had suggested from the very start. In shock and grief, Catrin withdraws from the world of film, but a visit from Hilliard convinces her to return, in part to write him fulfilling parts such as a cat burglar air-raid warden, now that he has accepted that he can no longer play matinee idol parts. She attends a screening of her film, and enjoys watching the audience reactions. She sees that a clip of her and Buckley has been added to the ending. After speaking to two moved members of the audience, she heads back to the scriptwriters office, sits down at Buckley's old desk, and starts working on her next film.