Bhagya Chakram

Dharmapala Maharaju (Mudigonda Lingamurthy) is a king of Narendrapura who lost his wife and did not marry again for the sake of his only daughter. Karkataka (Rajanala) is a snake charmer plans his sister Nagamma's (Surabhi Balasaraswathi) marriage with the king. So, he secretly enters into the palace takes the mud from the footsteps of the princess and makes the snake to bite the little girl. Karkataka enters in a saint's attire to the palace and says that he will save the princess on one condition that King should marry his sister. Because there is no other alternative the King agrees and marriages Nagamma. Even after marriage he neglects Nagamma and lives with his daughter. Karkataka is angry about it, so, prepares a paste by the name Kamakaleekam and applies it to the eyes of the king. After that, the king becomes henpecked to Nagamma and neglect his daughter. Karkataka holds all the secrets of the fort by the book Durga Rahasya Darshi with it's help he shows many tricks to the public and makes them believe that he is a great saint by the name Swamy Raju. Meanwhile, Nagamma is also blessed with a daughter and astrologers predict that elder daughter marries emperor and younger daughter marries emperor like a person. Nagamma grudged about this, so, she requests Karkataka to get rid of the elder daughter and he orders his henchmen to knock out the princess. They kidnap, take her to the forest when they are about to kill her she was rescued by a robber Gandragouli (Mukkamala) and adopts her.
Years roll by, Princess becomes a beautiful girl by the name Papa (B. Saroja Devi), there in fort Swamy Raju enjoying the power and the king became mad. Vikram (N. T. Rama Rao) the prince of Udayagiri visits the forest on a hunting where he gets acquaintance with Papa and they fell in love. But Gandragouli objects because he doesn’t believe kings. Vikram wants to settle the issue through his mother, so, he leaves to the palace by making a promise to Papa that he will come back and marry her. Meanwhile, Swamy Raju's soldiers who are in hunt of beautiful women see Papa in the forest and kidnaps her by injuring Gandragoli. Gandragoli notices a belt of the soldier, he suspects Vikram and reaches there. At the same time, Nagamma decides to make her daughter Chitravati's (Geetanjali) marriage with Vikram, so she sends their minister as a messenger to invite Vikram to their kingdom. He recognizes the belt of their soldiers. Vikram comes to know that Papa is under capture at Swamy Raju and his evil deeds also. Then Vikram makes a plan, he sends his friend Mitralabham (Padmanabham) in his place and he comes in disguise as Ashada Bhuti and joins as a disciple at Swamy Raju. Vikram plays many plans & tricks, finds out the location of Papa and also that she is the elder daughter of the King. Now he decides to make the king normal for which antidote medicine is required with the help of Papa he achieves that also. Finally, he eliminates Swamy Raju, makes the king normal and marries Papa.