Anurodh

Arun (Rajesh Khanna) was the only son of a rich businessman Mr. Chaudhury. He was an upcoming singer, sings in local radio, mostly the songs written by his friend Srikant (Vinod Mehra). His father wants him to look after their family business and thinks singing is not the kind of job for people of their status. This always leads to friction between father and son. On the other end, Srikant leads a very poor lifestyle along with his widowed mother. He earns a living by writing songs and articles. Arun frequently helps them with money as Srikant becomes chronically ill and couldn't work outside.
While things are like this, one day Arun fights with his father and decides to leave his house for Calcutta (presently Kolkata). He joins as a singer there in local radio and works as a driver in the house of Mr. Mathur (Ashok Kumar). He uses name Sanjay Kumar to hide his identity. Mathur lives along with his grandchild Sunita (Simple Kapadia). He lost his son in a war and can't find the whereabouts of his daughter-in-law and grandson for which he continuously organizes searches. Arun grows close with Sunita, headstrong granddaughter of Mathur. Sunita admires Sanjay Kumar without knowing that he and Arun are one and the same. Mathur comes to know that Arun was the escaped son of his friend Chaudhury and informs him regarding Arun's whereabouts.
Meanwhile, Srikant becomes critically ill and doctors diagnose it as end stage tuberculosis. His mother comes to Calcutta along with him. Arun gets shocked to see Srikant like that and swears to save him anyway. He decides to organize a stage show though he decides not to do it till the last minute. He sings on a stage and earns enough money for the operation. The surgeon recognizes Srikant's mother as the lost daughter-in-law of Mathur and informs him. Srikant's operation becomes a success and he gets reunited with his grandfather. Arun's parents come to Calcutta to see how their son became famous and his father changes his opinions regarding singing. At the end, everyone reconciles and Sunita and Arun marry.