The Password Is Courage

Sergeant-Major Charles Coward (Dirk Bogarde) is a senior British NCO incarcerated in the prisoner of war camp Stalag VIII-B. He encourages his fellow inmates to escape, and tries to humiliate the German army guards at every opportunity.
Coward first attempts to escape by leaving a forced march and finding refuge in a farmhouse that is requisitioned by a German army unit needing a field hospital. Inadvertently thought to be a wounded German soldier, he is taken to a hospital, where his identity is revealed, but not before being awarded the Iron Cross as Coward lies in his hospital bed.
Coward is transferred back to a POW camp, but on the way to the camp he engineers the destruction of a passing ammunition train. At the camp, he is involved in the elaborate tunnel schemes and plans an escape with fellow prisoner Bill Pope (Alfred Lynch). When Coward attempts to deceive his camp commander and Luftwaffe officials that he has knowledge of a secret bomb site, he receives special favours which are used to bribe the guards.
When his ruse is discovered, Coward is transferred to a new camp where he is being set up as a traitor with the commanding officer hoping to use his fellow prisoners to kill Coward. When that scheme is unsuccessful, he blackmails the Unteroffizier (Reginald Beckwith), who thinks he was responsible for a devastating fire that Coward had actually engineered. Coward extracts an extraordinary privilege in being able to go to and from the neighbouring town without an escort. When he makes contact with an attractive Polish resistance agent (Maria Perschy), he attempts to leave Germany by rail with his new friend providing assistance, but the pair are captured at a railway station.[N 1]
After the failure of that escape, Coward, along with his other escape partner, Pope, are assigned to the IG Farben work camp. They manage to escape again by masquerading as workmen clearing rubble in a rural area. After learning that the American front line is only a mile away, they steal an unattended fire engine in order to get past the enemy soldiers blocking their escape. Their plan works. A German troop convoy on the road moves aside to allow them to speed past to get to a non-existent fire, and they drive off to freedom.