White Tiger

After a Eastern Front tank battle, a Russian tank operator is found in a destroyed Soviet tank. Miraculously recovering from burns on 90% of his body, he suffers amnesia and cannot recall his identity. He receives a new passport in the name Naydёnov (from the Russian word for "found"), and is returned to duty. Naydёnov believes he has the mysterious ability to communicate with tanks as if they were people, though he tries not to advertise this. He is also recognized as the best tank driver in his army group.
In the meantime, rumors arise about a new, invincible Nazi tank that appears seemingly out of nowhere and disappears just as quickly, destroying dozens of Soviet tanks. This mysterious, heavily armoured and powerfully armed enemy tank is dubbed "White Tiger" by the Soviet forces.
Naydёnov believes it is this tank that nearly killed him, and he is out for revenge. Given his skills, Naydёnov is ordered to locate and destroy this White Tiger. Naydёnov becomes obsessed with finding the mysterious Nazi tank. He is convinced that the enemy tank is unpiloted, being essentially a ghost of war. The counterintelligence officer assigned to tracking down the White Tiger, who helps Naydёnov, comes to believe the latter's interpretation.
During a subsequent battle, Naydёnov comes upon the White Tiger tank in an abandoned village and engages it in a tank battle. The White Tiger is damaged but not destroyed, and it manages to escape. The counterintelligence officer then attempts to convince his commanding general that both the White Tiger tank and the "born again" Naydёnov are creations not of man, but of the war itself. The general is unconvinced and sends the counterintelligence officer on leave, thinking the officer is exhausted.
After the fall of Nazi Germany, the counterintelligence officer meets Naydёnov in a field and tries to convince him that the war is over. But Naydёnov disagrees, saying that the war will not truly end until the White Tiger is destroyed. Naydёnov believes the White Tiger has gone into hiding. He claims it is inevitable that it will come back in several decades, unless it is eradicated. Naydёnov then mysteriously vanishes along with his tank.
In the final scene, Hitler is shown seated in a large room with a fireplace, talking to a shadowy stranger and defending his actions during the war.