Chopping Mall

Park Plaza Mall has just installed a state-of-the-art security system, including shutters across all exits and three high-tech robots programmed to disable and apprehend thieves using tasers and tranquilizer guns. Four couples: Rick and Linda, Greg and Suzie, Mike and Leslie, Ferdy and Allison, decide to have a party in one of the furniture stores where three of them work. After hours, all of them (except Allison and Ferdy) begin to have sex, drink, and party inside the furniture store.
Outside, a lightning storm strikes the mall several times and damages the computer controlling the security robots, leading to them killing the technicians and a janitor before starting their routine patrol. Mike and Leslie get killed as they leave the store, and the others separate after witnessing this. The men break into a sporting-goods store to arm themselves with firearms, the girls take gasoline and flares from an automotive store. Using a propane tank, the men blow up and seemingly destroy a robot. While the men set up the elevator as a booby trap, the robots ambush the girls and ignite Suzie by shooting her gasoline can, killing her. Greg unsuccessfully shoots them before Rick drags him away.
The teenagers regroup and rig the elevator trap on the second robot, destroying it. They then hide in the restaurant where Allison works. Inside, Greg confronts Allison and Linda about leaving the air ducts and exhibits rage due to Suzie's death, pulling his gun on Ferdy when he intercedes on Allison and Linda's behalf. Rick tries to calm him down, and Ferdy suggests destroying the robot's main control center in hopes of shutting them all down. The group agrees and heads to the control center on the third floor. The robot throws Greg over the railing and he falls to his death.
On the run, the four remaining survivors, Allison, Ferdy, Rick, and Linda also find the first robot recovered after its earlier defeat. They take refuge inside a department store and set up mannequins to confuse the robots. Their plan works as the robots fire at the dummies and one of them blinds itself with its own reflected laser. However, the blind robot kills Linda and an enraged Rick rams a golf cart into it. A bolt of electricity kills him, but his attempts successfully destroy the robot.
As the final robot corners Allison, Ferdy rescues her and shoots it point-blank, damaging its laser just before he falls unconscious. Despite an injured leg, Allison escapes into the paint store and sets up a trap by mixing paint and chemicals. She lures the robot inside, where it gets stuck for failing to find traction on the spilled paint and thinners. She tosses a flare into the store, igniting the chemicals and finally destroys the robot. As daylight appears, Allison leaves the store and Ferdy awakens. The two remain the only survivors.
In a post-credits scene, a robot rolls up to the camera and says "Thank you, have a nice day".