Thullal

Jeeva (Praveen Gandhi) with a group of friends is a prankster, spoil brat and a big time womanizer. He is addicted to sex and have sex with various women at any cost. It is shown in the introduction scene, where an eloped couple meets them for help and the friends pretends to help them and takes away the bridegroom from the place. Jeeva seduces the woman and enjoys having sex with her.
His parents Manicka Vinayagam and Sumithra knows about his attitude advised him numerous times but he is stubborn and considered it as a challenge by winning women's trust into having sex.
One fine day, he witnesses a group of thugs misbehaving with a girl named Shruthika (Gurleen Chopra). He immediately gets tempted of her and plans to help her to have sex with her. When he bashed all of the thugs, Shruthika instantly falls for him. They become good friends. One day, Jeeva invites Shruthika home and seduces her ending up both having sex. After that incident, he ill treats her and asks her to either go out of town or get her pregnancy aborted. She tearfully leaves out of town of Ooty.
Before that, in a parallel scene Jeeva witnesses Shruthika is forced by a woman named Gayathiri to lodge a police complaint against the man who betrays her. But she feeling insecured to be known this by others takes a step back. Gayathiri abuses that guy through words unknowingly it is none other than Jeeva. He is angry and wants to avenge this insult. He plans to marry her and after their first night plans to escape to Goa.
After numerous attempts, Gayathiri gets convinced by her guardian Seetha a doctor to marry Jeeva. After numerous failing attempts to seduce her, in her house he hatches out a plan and fixes a honeymoon plan to Ooty.
There he meets Shruthika Gurleen Chopra his ex-victim, who is now a tourist guide there in Ooty. Jeeva obeys his wife's instructions and pretends to be a loyal husband. Gayathiri who knows Shruthika earlier introduces her to Jeeva. Now Gayathiri's condition is that to believe him or to start a life with him, he must resolve the pending problem in Shruthika"s life.
He apologizes to Shruthika and promises to marry her and also tells her he will reveal everything to his wife. But he is cunningly plan to fool both his ex-lover and wife. His friend Somu (Vivek) tries to reveal everything to his wife but Jeeva drugs him by mixing sleeping pills in the coffee he drinks.
Somu reveals everything to Shruthika and tells her to at least try to save Gayathiri. Jeeva successfully had sex with Gayathiri and drugs her by mixing sleeping pills in the milk leaving her unconscious.
When he was to about to escape to Goa in a bus. Shruthika captures him and brings him to a mortuary. Shruthika abuses him with words and says "You love to touch women's body. Now touch this bodies till you satisfy". He is horrified by this and realizes his mistake and his life as an animal. He asks forgiveness and tries to commit suicide which is stopped by Shruthika. Shruthika asks him to live a good life with Gayathiri as that's his lifelong punishment.
Outside the mortuary, they tell the awaiting Gayathiri that her lover died in an accident. Jeeva and Gayathiri is joined hands by Shruthika. Jeeva and Shruthika see each other for the one last time and bid a tearful goodbye.
Shruthika leaves the country forever and settles in Australia.