Pizza

Michael Karthikeyan (Vijay Sethupathi) is a pizza delivery boy who lives with his girlfriend Anu (Remya Nambeesan). She is an aspiring novelist and is researching for writing a horror story, whereas Michael does not believe in supernatural powers, but is afraid of anything supernatural. Anu, keeps telling him that he would soon realize the presence of supernatural beings. At first, Michael is confused and scared, and his fears are confirmed when he comes to know his boss, i.e., the Pizza restaurant owner Shanmugam's (Aadukalam Naren) daughter is possessed by a spirit. Meanwhile, Anu becomes pregnant, and after a brief altercation, Michael and Anu get covertly married. One particular day, Michael goes out to deliver a pizza to a customer and returns to the restaurant in a state of shock while covered in blood; he is apparently injured, keeps constantly muttering Anu's name, and seems to be worried about her. When his boss questions him, Michael explains that he had been to deliver a pizza to a customer named Smitha (Pooja Ramachandran) in a bungalow and recounts the events that happened at the bungalow.
Smitha requests Michael to wait downstairs while she goes upstairs to retrieve change. Almost immediately, there is power failure, which alarms Michael. While waiting downstairs completely alone in the dark, Michael hears a loud unidentifiable noise from the bedroom upstairs. Going up to investigate, he finds Smitha murdered suspiciously and notices one slice the pizza he had delivered to be missing, suggesting that there may be somebody else in the house. Horrified, Michael makes a dash for the door only to realize that it has been locked from the outside. Further more when the murdered woman's husband Bobby (Bobby Simha) arrives, he at first believes he stumbles upon his wife having an affair. Through his cellphone Michael communicates with Bobby and explains his situation thoroughly instigating Bobby to aid him on how to get out of the house. Moreover, Bobby suddenly disappears from the front entrance, and is found by Michael inside the house mysteriously murdered in the same room as his wife, with two slices of the pizza now missing. Also, Michael encounters the couple's child "Nithya", identical to the name of the spirit allegedly possessing Shanmugam's daughter.
Michael tries everything he can to get out of the house including trying to break down the sealed doors leading outside, to using the house phone which happens to work even though the line is dead. Michael manages to contact Anu using the phone and gets her to contact to the local police to come and rescue him. When a couple of policemen arrive at the bungalow, Michael believes that Anu had requested them to help him, but they reveal that four people had been killed in that house - Smitha, Bobby, their young daughter and a girl named Anu, implying that she is Michael's girl friend, Anu. The police disclose that Michael is a suspect regarding the murder case and attempt to arrest him. Confused and in tears, Michael does not believe the policemen and attempts to escape the clutches of these police men in order to go in search of Anu.
While trying to escape, Michael witnesses the police getting dragged into the house and being killed. At this juncture, Michael, in a horrified state, runs back to the restaurant. While Michael is not convinced that Anu is dead, his friends at the restaurant and Shanmugam start realizing that they had never seen Anu; they also observe that Michael's home does not have any evidence that he lived with Anu. Further, it is revealed that the haunted bungalow had witnessed the untimely deaths of a married couple, their daughter, and two policeman, whose ghosts Michael had earlier interacted with. Meanwhile, Michael seems to continue his search for Anu, has constant health issues, and seems to be disturbed by ghosts and supernatural entities.
As Michael during a delivery stops and calls Anu, the true story of what had happened is disclosed. The Income Tax department had planned on a raid at the restaurant owner Shanmugam's house. Shanmugam who has diamonds worth around 20 million hidden in his restaurant hides it in a box of candies and asks Michael to deliver it to his house. But Michael is involved in a bike accident and comes in contact with the hidden diamonds. Michael and Anu decide that stealing those diamonds would improve their life style and support their baby. So, they concoct a clever story in which Michael convincingly "forgets" the Pizza bag at the "haunted" bungalow which Shanmugam would never enter into, thanks to his fear of supernatural powers. Meanwhile, Anu has left to Kochi via Bengaluru with the diamonds and her belongings, and has obtained fake documentation using which Michael and Anu can settle abroad.
Michael, after the phone call, goes to deliver a pizza to a house and he encounters a series of events similar to the story he had narrated. Inside, he meets a little girl identical to the "Nithya" he had described in his story. Michael is locked inside the home with "Nithya" curiously looking at him. The lights then goes off followed by Michael's gasping sound in fear.