Bogan

ACP Vikram IPS (Jayam Ravi) is an honest Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP) in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, who is about to be promoted to the position of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP). He lives with his family consisted of his parents, an elder sister, and a brother in law, while also leading a team of police officers with him, which those are Sathya (Varun), Akshara (Akshara Gowda) and Prasad (Nagendra Prasad). His family set up an arranged marriage for him with a girl named Mahalakshmi (Hansika). He tracks down a criminal named Aditya Maravarman (Arvind Swami), who mysteriously robs jewels and money, and is holding a supernatural power which enables him to switch souls.
While interrogating Aadhithya, Vikram's best friend Prasad is killed by Aadhithya, who switched his soul into Sathya. When Vikram gets high temper and goes to shoot Aadhithya, Aadhithya again switches his soul and now takes the role of Vikram and masks the killing of Vikram's best friend by saying that both Sathya and Prasad had personal vengeance.
After coming to Vikram's home, Aadhithya (in Vikram's body) comes across Vikram's fiancee. When Vikram (in Aditya's body) is surprised to find himself imprisoned, he explains to Sathya that he is not Adithya and escapes from the prison.
After escaping from the prison, Vikram calls the Chennai City Police Commissioner Rajkumar (Ponvannan) and tells the mishaps of events which occurred. Aadhithya overhears their conversation and kills the superintendent. Aadhithya says that he has a confession video which says that he blamed Aadhithya (Vikram in his body) for saving his father.
At the same time, Aadhithya (in Vikram's body) unlocks Vikram's police data and takes the video evidence of his father robbing the bank (Aadhithya in his father's body) and threatens to reveal it to the public, but Vikram does not get scared and contacts Chezhiyan (Nassar) (Aditya's head in archaeology where he gets the manuscript which gives him his power), and Chezhiyan thinks that he is being cheated and goes to Aadhithya (Vikram's body), but Aadhithya reveals himself to be in Vikram's body, and makes Chezhiyan his bait to catch Vikram while in the complex where Vikram was supposed to meet Chezhiyan.
When Aadhithya tracks Chezhiyan, Vikram hides and talks to Chezhiyan who says that Aadhithya's power is only in his body (in which Vikram is) and in other bodies, his power doesn't work, so Vikram uses Chezhiyan to take the manuscript from the commissioner's office. Aadhithya tracks Chezhiyan's phone, finds him and kills him.
Vikram (in Aadhithya's body) goes there and puts a bomb on himself so that Aadhithya may get scared that if his body goes away, he won't be able to use his powers. Hence Vikram and Aadhithya switch over to their original bodies and now Aadhithya pleads Vikram to diffuse his bomb. But Vikram, who had double-crossed Aadhithya, knocks him out and while taking him to arrest, Aadhithya switches his soul to Vikram's father Arumugam (Aadukalam Naren) and beats Vikram; after that Aadhithya switches to Maha's body and stabs him and threatens to kill Mahalakshmi if he does not remove his bomb, and so Vikram defuses the bomb. As Vikram had double-crossed and betrayed him, in revenge, Aadhithya drives off with Mahalakshmi.
Vikram chases them and ends up in a coast. Vikram gains the upperhand and knocks Aadhithya, and returns with Maha to home.
In the end, to everyone's horror, Aadhithya survives and wakes up again and glares into the screen which goes off with the title "Bogan 2 will continue".