Minsara Kanna

Indra Devi (Kushboo), the elder sister of Ishwarya (Monica Castelino), is very rich and arrogant. Priya (Rambha) is her personal assistant. Both of them live in Udhagamandalam. Kannan (Vijay) is the only son of a Multi Billionaire Devanathan (Manivannan) and has fallen in love with Ishwarya in Germany. After hearing the story of Indra Devi, Kannan comes to India with all his family, with his name being christening as Kasi. Meanwhile, Indra Devi is challenged by Vedhachalam (Mansoor Ali Khan) who has also sent his son Ashok (Karan) to study in Germany. Ashok also falls in love with Ishwarya. Kannan serves as a body guard for Indra Devi, his younger brother Vetri (Mahendran) works as a servant boy and his daughter serves as cook for Indra Devi's family. Priya falls in love with Kannan for his good nature but later gives it to Ishwarya after knowing the truth of Kannan and Ishwarya's love and their visit to India. Indra hates men because her lover Indra Kumar (B. H. Tharun Kumar) cheated her and married his owner's daughter due to her face burned in a fire accident. He says that he loved only her beauty and not her from that Indra hates men. One day she sees her lover who works as a poor slipper man and tells the story. Kannan's family awaits for Indra Devi's permission for her sister's marriage but she plans to marry her sister with Vedhachalam's son Ashok but Ashok realises that Ishwarya loves Kannan. In the marriage ceremony Ashok unites Kannan and Ishwarya from the opposition of her father Vedhachalam. But Vedhachalam says that he is not a villain but looks like that. Indra Devi plans to commit suicide but Kannan stops it and says her that her sister cannot able to live without her. Atlast, Kannan and his family return to Germany. In their residence, to everyone's surprise, Indra Devi whole heartedly accepts Kannan as her sister's life partner for his good nature, although he pretended as a servant. Indra along with her lover, now reunited as her husband, make Kannan and Ishwarya reunite with each other.