Vairam

Senthil Nathan (R. S. Manohar) is a rich businessman, revered by his son Raja (Jaishankar) and society. In reality he is the leader of a smuggling gang. As a trusted member of society. He gets all information, while his gang executes his plans. However, during one such robbery, a gang members turns greedy and flees with the diamonds. Senthil Nathan sends another man to retrieve the diamonds and kill the traitors. The traitor (S. V. Ramadoss) is killed but the killer too flees with the diamonds. A furious Senthil Nathan sends some henchman to kill the traitor and retrieve the diamonds. The henchman (Sreekanth) corner and kill the traitor, but later has succeeded in hiding the diamonds somewhere. Meanwhile, a Victoria driver (S. V. Sahasranamam) of the eponymous, Victoria, who was found near the dead body is arrested based on circumstantial evidence.
Some else, two old golden-hearted crook Durai (M. R. R. Vasu) and Sami (S. A. Ashokan) are to be released. Durai had infant son who was kidnapped from a park. To date Durai doesn't know who kidnapped him or whether his son is even alive. The duo want to spend the rest of their lives as good, respected men. The plan is short-lived when they find themselves on the trail of the diamonds. Soon they learn about the Victoria and realise that no one has got a scent of the missing diamonds. To get closer to the Victoria they pose as distant cousins of the Victoria driver, who are reluctantly admitted inside by the driver's elder daughter Rani (Jayalalitha), who soon starts acting suspiciously. During the day, Rani rides the Victoria Posing as a man while during the nights, when everyone is supposedly sleeping.
She slips out of the home. One day Durai and Sami follow her to the house of a man unknown to them, Senthil Nathan henchman named Victor (Sreekanth). They are shocked to see Rani seducing him. But when the Victor tries to rape her, the duo saves her. On accosting her, she tells that the man was loitering suspiciously near the Victoria when her father was arrested. Before they can know anything from him. he is shot dead. On learning Victoria drivers story. the duo decide to do one good turn. They tell rani the whole truth, but a shocked Rani doesn't have a clue about the location of diamonds. Even after tearing the Victoria apart nothing is found. Meanwhile, Rani falls in love with Raja (Jaishankar). Whom she met while posing as a cab driver. she tries to woo him posing as a rich leady. A plan which works well.
However, Raja learns the truth and decide to marry her. Despite knowing about her father. Raja also meets Durai and Sami, where upon he gets suspicious of the duo. Here Senthil Nathan objects to Raja's relationship with Rani. Later, Raja learns of his father's true nature and leaves him. After meeting Rani, Durai and Sami tell the truth to him too. The quartet decide to find the diamonds. Senthil Nathan kidnaps Rani on learning that she is the daughter of Shankaralingam Victoria driver. Later, Raja, Durai and Sami are also kidnapped and tortured. During the deal Senthil Nathan's drinks are being served on an ornate tray with a fake Victoria head lamp attached to it. Sami realises that the diamonds are hidden in the Victoria's lamp. He buys time for himself and old buddy and they go to retrieve the diamonds. The duo turn up at Senthil Nathan's den. Where they manages to create a confusion by luring gang members to the diamonds.
Senthil Nathan is embarrassed to see that not one member of his gang is loyal to him. During the melee, another twist occurs where an old henchman of Senthil Nathan reveals that Raja isn't Senthil Nathan son. Senthil Nathan had ordered the henchman to steal somebody's child because Senthil Nathan's father had threatened to disown him. Senthil Nathan could have prevented the situation only by proving that Senthil Nathan fathered child. In the end, Senthil Nathan and his remaining cronies are arrested and Rani's father is set free. After being reunited with his son and his would be daughter-in-law, Durai decides to settle down. However, Sami decides that his destiny might have written something else for him and leaves. Soon Durai spots a Burka clad women is actually Sami. Sami tells Durai that he will not let the latter spend the rest of his life without him. Durai relents and goes home with his friend.