Star Wars: The Force Unleashed

Set in between Revenge of the Sith and A New Hope, Darth Vader is sent by Emperor Palpatine to destroy a Jedi named Kento Marek who survived Palpatine's Jedi purge and is hiding on the Wookiee homeworld, Kashyyyk. The Force Unleashed begins with the player controlling Darth Vader as he searches Kashyyyk for Marek.[14][15] After defeating Marek in battle, Vader discovers his child, Galen Marek, who is strong in the Force and raises him to become his apprentice, unbeknownst to the Emperor.
When the apprentice (known in the game as "Starkiller", and whom the player now controls) reaches adulthood, Vader sends him to kill the remaining Jedi as training for his ultimate goal: assassinating the Emperor so Vader and Starkiller can rule the galaxy together. Starkiller travels between missions aboard the Rogue Shadow, developing a close relationship with his crew, consisting of lightsaber training droid PROXY and Imperial pilot Juno Eclipse.[16] Starkiller is first sent to defeat an aging Jedi Master that has his own security force: Rahm Kota. In this fight, Kota sees various visions of Starkiller's future before being blinded by Starkiller's lightsaber and falling to the ecumenopolis of Nar Shaddaa below. He is then sent to defeat an insane Jedi Master on Raxus Prime who has animated pieces of metal to create droids: Kazdan Paratus. Paratus and all of his droids are destroyed, including Paratus's mock Jedi Council. Finally, Starkiller is sent to kill former Jedi Councilwoman Shaak Ti on Felucia. Ti has militarised the local Force-sensitive Felucians as well as influenced the local fauna to attack Starkiller. Ultimately unsuccessful, Shaak Ti prophesises that the Sith will always turn on one another before she commits suicide by jumping into the sarlacc pit, becoming a Force ghost.
Ti's prophecy comes true immediately. The Emperor discovers Starkiller's existence and forces Vader to kill the apprentice; Vader impales Starkiller and hurls him into space, but secretly dispatches droids to retrieve and revive him. Vader sends his apprentice to foster a rebellion among those who resist the Empire, distracting the Emperor so Vader can make his move. Despite being ordered by Vader to sever all ties to his past, Starkiller rescues Juno, who had been arrested and branded a traitor to the Empire. Starkiller proceeds to break into various Imperial facilities and recruit several allies, including Rahm Kota (who had survived his fall after the battle in the TIE Fighter shipyard), Princess Leia Organa, and her father Senator Bail Organa. In the process, Starkiller learns from Kota about the Jedi way, which ultimately leads him into sparing Jedi apprentice Maris Brood, who had succumbed to corruption by the Dark Side after the death of her master Shaak Ti on Felucia. Juno eventually discovers Starkiller is still working for Vader, but after berating him, agrees not to say anything. As a major strike to rally the Empire's enemies and prove the Empire is vulnerable, Starkiller destroys a Star Destroyer facility on Raxus Prime. With Kota's instruction, Starkiller amazingly pulls a massive Star Destroyer out of the sky with the Force.
Senators Organa, Mon Mothma, and Garm Bel Iblis meet on Corellia to plan a rebellion against the Empire, but are interrupted when Darth Vader arrives and arrests them and Kota. Vader attacks Starkiller and reveals that he was never meant to overthrow the Emperor; from the beginning, he was the Emperor's tool to expose his enemies, and that Vader's plans to overthrow the Emperor did not include Starkiller. PROXY sacrifices himself to distract Vader and allow Starkiller to escape. Starkiller uses the Force to ascertain the senators' and Kota's location: the Death Star. Upon arrival, Starkiller shares a kiss with Juno before bidding her goodbye. Inside the space station, Starkiller duels Darth Vader and manages to defeat his former master. As the Emperor goads Starkiller into killing Vader, Kota steals the Emperor's lightsaber and tries to attack him, but is incapacitated by the Emperor's Force lightning.