Beru

A taluk-level office has been functioning without a regular head for sometime. A junior level official is in charge of the office. It has stuck to mandatory minimal ‘routine’ work.
Goravayya is a poor, old, folk artist. Though living on a small income, he has been magnanimous in his own way to provide shelter to an orphan girl. He is stuck with a problem. The roots of a tree are affecting the stability of his small shelter. He has been repeatedly requesting the office for permission to fell the tree. ‘Come later’ has been the standard reply.
At last, a regular officer arrives on posting. Being sincere and enthusiastic, this new officer starts tuning the office for proactive working. Even before he settles down, a minister’s visit is announced. Arrangements have to be made in the Inspection Bungalow (IB). Much to his shock and surprise, nobody in the office knows about the IB! In the process of locating this IB, a scandal unfolds. The IB exists only on records: It is not there physically. Many irregularities and misappropriations come to light. The new officer is not able to report the matter to higher-ups because of his own indiscretion and emotional considerations. He tries to cover up by seeking approval for demolition of the ‘dilapidated’ (non-existent) IB and for building a new one.
Meanwhile the minister’s visit is cancelled. But by then, the officer is deeply involved in the cover-up story. He is about to face the consequences. But his influential father-in-law comes to his rescue. He is asked to provide some cooked-up reasons for the IB’s ‘present’ condition so that the matter can be hushed up, and he is saved. Goravayya is proposed to be implicated as the ‘servant looking after IB’ responsible for its present condition. On seeing the reluctance of the officer to go ahead with this proposal, the junior official takes the responsibility for coaxing Goravayya for his being implicated. They go to see Goravayya only to find that his shelter has collapsed.