The Snowman

At a remote cabin amidst heavy snowfall, a man named Jonas (Peter Dalle) confronts his former lover (Sofia Helin) about their illegitimate son. The woman threatens to tell Jonas' family about the child, and he leaves angrily in his car. The woman and her son pursue him, but lose him in the snow. She lets go of the steering wheel, causing the car to drive off the road onto a frozen lake. The boy manages to escape from the sinking car, but the woman stays inside in an apparent suicide.
Harry Hole (Michael Fassbender) is a brilliant but troubled inspector with the Norwegian Police Service's Oslo district, struggling with the recent divorce and remarriage of his wife Rakel (Charlotte Gainsbourg) to Mathias (Jonas Karlsson), a renowned surgeon, and their son Oleg, who is unaware that Harry is his biological father. Harry receives a mysterious letter signed with the drawing of a snowman, and is paired with a brilliant new recruit, Katrine Bratt (Rebecca Ferguson). The two are assigned to a missing persons case of Britte Becker (Genevieve O'Reilly), who vanished from her house after being followed home by a red Volvo.
The police receive a report of another missing woman named Sylvia Otterson (Chloe Sevigny). When Harry and Katrine travel to her farmhouse to investigate, they find her alive and well. They brush the report off as a prank call and leave, but shortly thereafter a figure wearing a black ski mask stalks and kills Sylvia outside her house, using a mechanized cutting tool to decapitate her. Harry receives another call about Otterson, and returning to the farmhouse comes face-to-face with her twin sister Ane. They search the property and find Sylvia's beheaded corpse inside her house, and her head atop a snowman inside an empty storage tank.
Connecting the letter with the presence of a snowman at the crime scene, Harry's research leads him to a previous case in Bergen, involving a similar set of circumstances. He travels to meet the case's investigating officer Gert Rafto (Val Kilmer), but upon arrival learns that Rafto died eight years prior through what appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound, and that the case went cold after the apparent suicide. Inside Rafto's old cabin, he finds a jacket and a photograph that lead him to realize that Katrine is Rafto's daughter, and is likely out to find her father's real killer.
Katrine believes that Arve Stop (J. K. Simmons), a business tycoon implicated in the earlier case, is behind her father's death. Stop is involved in a high-class prostitution ring overseen by Idar Vetelsen (David Dencik), a doctor working at the hospital all the current victims had gone to. Britte's cell phone begins transmitting again, and the signal is traced to Vetelsen's house. When the police raid it, they find Vetelsen dead of a shotgun blast to the head, along with the remains of Britte and another victim named Hegen Dahl.
Katrine seduces Stop at a fundraiser event, and he asks her to wait in his hotel room. She sets a trap for him inside, but is attacked and drugged by a masked figure who severs her right finger and uses it to unlock the biometric security measures on her work tablet, wiping all the data from it. The next morning, Harry sees the impression of a snowman atop his snow-covered car, and inside finds Katrine's corpse in the driver's seat.
Rakel tells Harry that Oleg has run away after Harry missed a school camping trip in which he was supposed to have joined him. Oleg stays at a friend's house, and when Rakel arrives to tell Harry the two kiss and almost have sex. Mathias calls to tell Rakel that he is picking up Oleg to take him home. Upon returning home, Mathias drugs and ties up Rakel, then does likewise to Oleg, taking both of them to a cottage in Telemark. Harry tracks him down, where he has Rakel and Oleg hostage with the cutter to Rakel's throat. Mathias is revealed as the boy at the start of the film, who grew to hate his mother because she did not want him to know who his real father was. Harry attacks Mathias and manages to get the cutter off of Rakel's neck, losing a finger in the process. Mathias escapes and Harry gives pursuit, chasing him onto the ice. Mathias manages to shoot Harry, but the ice beneath his feet suddenly cracks and breaks apart, dropping him into the water below and dragging him under the current to his death.
After having his injuries treated, Harry returns to the police precinct, and volunteers for a new homicide case.