Kadha Thudarunnu ( കഥ തുടരുന്നു )

Vidyalakshmi (Mamta Mohandas), scion of a rich Hindu aristocratic family gets married to Shanavas (Asif Ali), a Muslim, against the diktats of both the families. Though, happily married, life is not a smooth ride for them. Few years passes by and the couple now has a daughter Laya (Baby Anikha), who is now in nursery. Despite strong financial troubles, Shanavas does his best to take care of his family. One rainy night, on his way to purchase mangoes for his daughter, Shanavas is killed by a group of goon, mistaking him to be someone else. Having nowhere to go, Vidyalakshmi tries her best to take care of her daughter. But, the financial troubles forces her to cut down the daily expenses, including the school bus for her daughter. Within a short time, she is asked to vacate the house, as there has been a long delay in payment of rent. Vidyalakshmi, with nowhere to go, decides to sleep on Kozhikode Railway platform with her daughter. One fine morning, she catches an auto to drop her kid at school. Preman (Jayaram), the auto driver is a talkative and simple chap, with a sense of humour. But after travelling, she gets out of the auto and escapes without paying the cash. The next day, Preman finds her at the railway station, and on demanding the auto fare, she explains her story to him, which makes him feel sympathetic to her. He brings Vidyalakshmi and her daughter to his colony. Vidyalakshmi, within a short time captures the hearts of the people at the colony. When Preman comes to know that she was doing her MBBS when she got married and had to give up studies after that, he advises her to sit for the final year exam. With the support of the colony residents, Vidyalakshmi does the MBBS examination and becomes a doctor. Her daughter, one day comes in contact with the mother of Shanavas, who now her grand daughter to be brought home. But Vidyalakshmi politely refuses it. The elder brother of Shanavas threatens her with the support of a Moulavi, but Preman intervenes and force them to go back. With the help of her friend, Vidhyalakkshmi gets a job in Kuwait and though not willing, she has to accept it. She leaves for Kuwait with her daughter, promising to come back soon. Preman is seen waiting at the beach, looking for the next news from Vidyalakshmi.