Dhaai Akshar Prem Ke

The plot revolves around a young girl Sahiba who witnesses the brutal murder of a young woman inside her college campus. The perpetrators follow her as she tries to flee home. She is rescued by Karan, an army captain, who sees the men assaulting her at the train station. During the journey Sahiba reveals that she is in a very difficult spot. She cannot go back to college because the murderers will be looking for her. And she doesn't want to go home because she had jokingly told her aunt on the phone that she has gotten married in the city. Her parents now expect her to come home with her husband. She doesn’t want to go home and face their wrath. Karan offers to escort her home.
However, when Sahiba arrives home with Karan her family mistakes him for her husband. The two don’t get a chance to clarify the situation. The next day when Karan tries to leave, Sahiba’s grandmother thinks he is abandoning her grand daughter and has a heart attack. Karan decides to stay and pretend that he is Sahiba’s husband till the grandmother recovers. Sahiba falls in love with Karan over the next few days. However, Karan wants to leave and return home to the girl he loves.
Sahiba’s father, Yogi is livid when Karan eventually leaves and Sahiba tells everyone the truth. He arranges her marriage to Vicky, the son of a family friend Rai Singhal. On the day of the engagement Sahiba finds out that Vicky is none other then the man who murdered the girl in her hostel. She tries telling her father but he refuses to believe her.
In the meantime, Karan realizes that he loves Sahiba and returns to her house. However, Yogi slaps him and tells him to leave.
Fortunately for Sahiba, her uncle Raunaq believes her and helps her meet Karan secretly. Karan promises to rescue Sahiba. He proves to Yogi that Vicky and his father only want his daughter for her inheritance. And that they plan on killing her after the marriage because she witnessed the murder. Vicky and his father attack Yogi and Karan when they realize that they have been exposed. They tie up Yogi and Karan in Yogi's factory and set it on fire. However, the two escape and proceed to stop Vicky and Sahiba's wedding. Just as things start looking up Sahiba collapses. Having given up on Karan, she had consumed poison before the wedding ceremony. She is rushed to the hospital and manages to survive. In the end she is reunited with Karan.