You Were Never Really Here

Joe, a combat veteran and former FBI agent with post-traumatic stress disorder, is a hired gun who rescues trafficked girls, using brutal methods against those responsible. He cares for his elderly mother in his childhood home in New York City. Joe has graphic flashbacks to his childhood and past in the military and FBI.
While returning home from a job, Joe is spotted by the son of Angel, the middleman between Joe and McCleary, his handler. Joe meets with McCleary, and expresses his concerns about his safety potentially being compromised due to Angel's son being aware of his address. McCleary then informs Joe of his next job: a New York State Senator, Albert Votto, has offered a large sum of money to discreetly find and rescue his abducted daughter, Nina.
Accepting the job, Joe stakes out a brothel for wealthy patrons, the address of which was received by Votto in an anonymous text message. He violently kills several security guards and patrons while recovering Nina. While waiting at a motel to return Nina to Votto, Joe sees local news reports that Votto has apparently committed suicide. Corrupt police officers then storm the motel room and take Nina. Joe overpowers an officer who is guarding him and escapes.
Joe finds that McCleary, Angel, and Angel's son have all been killed in search of his home address. Sneaking into his family home, Joe discovers that two corrupt federal agents have murdered his mother and are waiting for him. He ambushes them, killing one and mortally wounding the other. The wounded killer reveals that the whole conspiracy was orchestrated by Governor Williams, and that Nina was "his favorite."
Distraught and suicidal, Joe gives his mother a water burial. He attempts to drown himself by loading his clothes with heavy stones, but a vision of Nina convinces him to save the girl. Joe attempts to piece together the conspiracy. He concludes that Votto sold Nina into prostitution to gain favor with Governor Williams and other elites, and later felt extreme guilt after receiving the anonymous text; Votto hired Joe since he knew that the police force was corrupt and under Williams's control.
After following Williams back to his country house, Joe fights his way in only to discover that Williams's throat has been slit. Joe wanders the mansion, distressed and hallucinating, before finding Nina in the kitchen with a bloody straight razor. They are relieved to see each other and leave the mansion.
Later, Joe and Nina are in a diner, sitting silently. Joe collapses out of exhaustion and stress while having a violent suicidal fantasy. Nina wakes Joe, telling him, "It's a beautiful day.” Joe agrees and they leave together.