Vivegam

The film opens with an arms exchange deal between the General Secretary of Europol police and the Head of the Russian mafia gang in a dense Serbian forest, secured with multiple layers of military personnel. AK, a former counter-terrorist agent successfully intercepts the deal and secures the weapons drive. Meanwhile, the international counter terrorist group is on the lookout for him. Aryan, a Chief Strategist and his team volunteers to find AK.
AK lives happily with his wife Yazhini, who owns and manages an Indian restaurant. Their merry life is interrupted by a mission to trace a hacker, Natasha from Bulgaria, who is responsible for cracking the security codes of the plutonium weapons. There were already three man-made sesmic activities caused by the explosion of plutionium bombs. She is wanted by the Interpol, CIA as well as the terrorists groups around the world for her hacking skills. AK's mission is to secure the hacker, thereby preventing the two future sesmic quakes targeted in India.
AK goes back to Serbia, in search of Natasha, where he is guided by Aps(Arumai Prakasm), a local translator. AK interrogates the hospital doctors in the city and finds out, Natasha has undergone plastic facial alteration surgery. Meanwhile, an Albanian gang has hijacked Natasha's boyfriend and tortured him to death. With the help of the pacemaker found in her boyfriend's body, AK traces Natasha and moves her to a safe house.
Natasha was unaware that the code she decrypted was that of nuclear weapon. She feels guilty and proposes she can diffuse the remaining Plutonium weapons from a neutrino site. On their way to the site, Natasha is killed by a group of terrorists. Aryan and his team ambuishes AK and opens fire at him. AK survives the ambush and kills two of his ex-teammates. Aryan hires assassin to kill Yazhini. But AK neuralizes the assassins and saves his wife. Later, AK comes to know that Aryan and his teammates belong to the shadow government who controls the economy of the world by war manipulation. Aryan as a counter-terrorist officer and as an agent of shadow government, forces AK and his pregnant wife into hiding by blaming AK as the most wanted terrorist. Then AK releases a video challenging Aryan and his group to save Aryan from getting assassinated. Aryan kidnaps AK's wife and forces AK. Then AK tries to stop the nuclear weapon from blasting by turning of all the satellites by powerhub. To stop AK from continuing his job Aryan kidnaps AK's wife and keeps her in a secret place then he tells AK that his wife has been kidnapped by me so what will you do will you save your wife? or going to stop the bomb from blasting?. Then AK comes to the rescue and eventually beats up Aryan and prevents the plutonium weapon from blasting. Then AK with his wife and child goes in a long drive in car suddenly a mission comes for AK.