Priyasakhi

Sandhana Krishnan (Madhavan), also known as Sakhi, is an automobile company employee who lives in a joint family. He comes across a model named Priya (Sadha) and becomes attracted to her. He steals her diary and creates situations for them to come into contact with each other. Soon the two fall in love and get married. Unlike Sakhi's family, Priya's family is 'cosmopolitan' and outgoing. Her mother (Aishwarya) is a party going socialite, while her father (Pratap K. Pothen) restricts himself to his house and is ruled over by his wife. Priya is accustomed to going out with friends and does not spend much time with her family. Brought up in such a situation, Priya finds it hard to adjust to the family of Sakhi, since they are more traditional and homely. Sakhi tries to make his wife understand the importance of family but is unsuccessful. Eventually, Priya becomes pregnant. Sakhi overjoyed but Priya has doubts, as she feels she is too young to be a mother.
Priya brings up her feeling of not wanting to be a mother with Sakhi. He tells her that he loves her and loves their unborn child and wants the pregnancy to go ahead. He also tells her that he has already informed his family about the baby. Priya is furious since she believes that Sakhi's family have no right to be involved in their life. Priya's mother makes an appointment for her to have an abortion. Sakhi finds out in time and rushes to the hospital where a reluctant Priya is being pulled towards the operation theatre by her mother. Priya is injured at the hospital in an accident and Sakhi takes her back to his home to recover. Priya finds her old diary in Sakhi's suitcase, and the two have an argument in which she accuses him of tricking her into loving him. She leaves to go to her parents' house and expresses her desire to get divorced, and also to have full custody of the child. Sakhi challenges her decision and takes her to court. The judge rules that Priya will have to have the baby after which, custody goes to Sakhi. Sakhi moves into Priya's parents' house with her in order to take care of his unborn child, claiming he doesn't trust them, as they might try to abort his baby. After delivery, Priya moves back in with Sakhi's family for a period of two months, to feed and care for the child. As time passes, Priya becomes extremely attached to the child and is unwilling to leave. She eventually agrees to give full custody to Sakhi since she sees how much he loves the baby.
Heartbroken, Priya leaves with her parents. In the car, her mother happily speaks of another possible husband for Priya. She is devastated since she still loves Sakhi and does not want to leave her baby. Finally fed up, Priya's father stands up to his wife and encourages Priya to reconcile with her husband. Priya jumps out of the car and stands on the road, unsure of what to do and where to go. Sakhi, who has been following them, meets her in the street. The two ask each other for forgiveness and reconcile.