Fedz

Policeman, Mike Jones (Q), is given information by his athlete friend, Joey (Silvio Simac), about a terrorist group testing a virus on people. Whilst undercover, Mike tries to earn the trust of Slick Pete (Bradley Gardner), who is planning a bank robbery heist. Later Joey is murdered by his girlfriend, Ty (Shanika Warren-Markland), after refusing to throw his next martial arts fight at the request of Fast Eddie (Joseph Marcell). After Mike finds Joey dead and he suspects Ty was involved after seeing her with a few gangsters earlier. He pursues her for information, after she disregards him, he and his partner are followed back to his house by Rizzle (Gary McDonald) and Big D (Micheal White). Everyone except Mike is killed in a shootout, Mike suspects he was set up and resigns. Ty then orders Barry (Richie Campbel) and Tyson (Ashley Chin) to kill Mike.
Mike goes on the run to solve the virus case and obtain the virus antibodies. Whilst Mike is being pursued by his old colleagues, he obtains diaries about drugs the virus has been planted in from sports-coach, Coach McKenzie (Martina Laird). After she is murdered, Mike gives the diaries to a journalist, Trevor McBride (Wil Johnson), who is then kidnapped for ransom money in exchange for the antibodies, tortured and murdered by Razor (Andrew Harrison). After Mike tells Pete that he is a policeman, Pete orders Kent (Leon Herbert) to kill Mike.
For help Mike visits Shazz (Maya Sondhi), an ex-scientist who is married to his ex-colleague, Ritchie (David Keyes). Ritchie sends Mike away to Jack Huey (Dermot Keaney) in Brighton to be tortured by Razor (Andrew Harrison). Mike escapes, and kills Jack and Razor. Mike gives Shazz evidence incriminating Ritchie for her to pass onto Brighton police. Ritchie kidnaps Shazz and holds her hostage for ransom money. Mike enlists the help of a swat team, who help him kill Ritchie’s men in a warehouse. Ritchie is then killed by Mike’s former superior Whittaker (Justine Powell).
Mike declines Whittaker’s offer for his old job. Barry and Tyson are killed by Ty for doing a drug deal on the side, Mike then kills Ty and warns Ty’s driver that if Fast Eddie comes back then he will kill him and Fast Eddie, and then employs him as an informant.
Mike plans a holiday to Hawaii and goes back to his flat where he finds Slick Pete and his men, they all point a loaded guns at Mike. The film ends as a gunshot is fired.