Anasuya

Anasuya (Bhumika Chawla) is a young, passionate journalist who joins a local TV news channel as a reporter. She lives with her uncle Joseph (Shankar Melkote) in the city. On her first assignment she goes undercover, posing as a reporter from a women’s magazine to expose suspected child labor in a local politician’s house. Anasuya successfully exposes the oppressive working condition of an orphan child called Lakshmi who is forced into menial work at the politician’s house. The politician throws the child out of his house to escape arrest. Anasuya shelters the girl and takes her home. The exposé becomes a sensation and Anasuya becomes a household name. She also becomes an instant favourite of her boss much to the irritation of her senior colleagues.
Around this time a series of murders were baffling the police department. The murderer was taking an internal organ from his victims and leaving a red rose behind. When the police get reluctant to give the press information Anasuya is given the task of be-friending task force officer Anand (Abbas) who was involved with the investigation and getting information out of him. Meanwhile, govind was came to anasuya's house kills uncle Joseph and takes his heart. Afterthat Anasuya goes about her task diligently and even causes the arrest of Govind (Ravi Babu) as the serial murderer. But the cops let him go seeing that he was an invalid with polio-stricken legs. Not convinced with police theory Anasuya goes after Govind herself.
In a gritty outcome of successive events Anasuya is thrown out of her job, loses out on love, is arrested, and is thrown in jail in her mad pursuit of Govind. Once out of jail she tries to unravel the mystery of Govind and hunt him down. Then she started observing the style of murders are happened then she observed that the persons who are dead were did body organ transplantaions in the national hospital. She enquiries in the hospital then she came to know that the body organs is from the same person called pooja. She enquiries about pooja in her hometown pooja's best friend (suhasini) revils the past of govind. she and pooja (nikitha) were the doctrual students in national hospital cum medical college. Beginning of her first anatomy class she meets anatomy professor Dr.Amar. In the class he attracted to pooja started misbehaving with her in the name of love. After few sadistic approaches by amar pooja complains to the board on amar but board believes that pooja is complaining falsely on amar and warns her. Then at one night in the college hostel pooja is about to sleep suddenly amar comes on her bed and tells her that he is going to marry her in "akshayatritiya" because if any couple married in that aspious day they will be together for many lives in future. Hereing this frightened pooja shouts in the hostel and caught him red handedly with the help of her hostel mates. After the inquiry by the medical college pooja went to her hometown in semester holidays even there amar also followed her and beaten by the locals and her parents. But some how he managed to escape and suddenly enters the pooja's house and he ties everyone including pooja and beats everyone except pooja then amar recognises the date of akshayatritiya is that day then he says that if in akshayatritiya a couple may not marry then they may die together in that aspious day then they will live together from there next lives then he cuts her nerves with a blade then he is about to cut his nerves then suddenly the crowd came into the house and bashes him hardly but he managed to escape from the crowd again then in the national hospital doctors declares pooja's condition is brain dead and tells her family to transplantaion of body organs which she signed earluer in the college they eventually accepts. After the organs transplantaion in the mortuary suddenly the pooja's dead body is taken away by amar. Now at present anasuya find out amar presents to pooja and understands that amar is none other than govind everyday he sent to her a bunch of red roses because pooja loves red roses. That's why he leaves roses in the murder spot. In the other present she heres a famous old song "ee theega puvunu" from 'maro charitra'. Then anasuya suddenly remembers that her uncle Joseph's death she hered the same song from the 98.3 F.M radio which is dedicated to pooja by a mysterious caller because she loves this song. Then she enquires in the 98.3 F.M office and found out that he called them up to 5 times with the same phone number on during the dates of murders took place. After a failure to stop the 6th murder finally realize that it was Lakshmi the orphan girl who was being hunted by Govind for one final organ to take and one final rose to give. Meanwhile, govind after several failure attempts successfully kidnaps lakshmi and takes with her to his secret hideout. In the hideout with the pooja's dead body and the other body organs he tries to be good with frightened lakshmi and promises her to not kill her because pooja loves kids so also he. Then he reveals his plan that that current day is "akshayatritiya" so after removal of her right eye he fixes the body organs in the dead body he commits suicide along with the pooja's dead body for togetherness with pooja in his further life. Then he tries to give anestia to lakshmi then suddenly anasuya find out his hide out through trace out of his phone number and she comes with anand then a tough fight ensues between them finally anasuya shoots him and causes injury to him and makes fire accident in the hideout then pooja's dead body and other body organs were burned in the fire accident. Then the helpless govind dies with a broken heart. After that anasuya proves her innocence and gives the message on organ donation in the media.[1]