Takkar

Takkar revolves around the lives of three characters — Ravi Malhotra (Sunil Shetty), Mohini (Sonali Bendre) and Inspector D'Costa (Naseeruddin Shah). Ravi is a freelance photographer, in love with Mohini, who works hard to make a living so they can be together. Inspector D'Costa is an efficient but corrupt cop who takes advantage of criminals by helping them in return for money and then double crossing them; he pretends to be on the side of the law.
No one is considered strong or wise enough to confront D'Costa. D'Costa one day notices Ravi and Mohini on the beach, and he immediately falls for her. To keep Ravi away from her, he frames Ravi on the day before his marriage to Mohini by falsely implicating him in a drug deal case in a fake raid. Ravi is sentenced to four years of imprisonment. In prison, Ravi decides to study the law so he can fight injustice. He is helped by hardcore criminals who are in jail because of D'Costa and want him dead.
In Ravi's absence, D'Costa befriends Mohini. She begins to like and respect him as though he were a good man. After two years, Ravi is released from jail because of good behavior and on efforts by the circle inspector made on Mohini’s pleas. Soon Ravi and Mohini are married. D'Costa learns about Ravi's release from prison and his marriage. Infuriated, he harasses the couple repeatedly to get close to Mohini. But Mohini never gives in to D'Costa's moves. Ravi soon realizes that it was D'Costa who had framed him on the day before his marriage, and he decides to take revenge. He follows D'Costa closely, watching all his activities. Being a photographer, he captures the cop on camera.
The circle inspector is killed by D'Costa when both of them rescue a group of school children from terrorists holding them captive in a school. This is noted by Ravi, and he makes it known publicly. Soon an enquiry is arranged by the police (on Ravi's request), and Ravi plays the prosecution lawyer. He traps D'Costa in his own words, making him confess his crime. He also provides evidence for the same.
The helpless D'Costa is suspended from service. But Ravi and Mohini know that D'Costa will never leave them in peace. They approach his mistress (Archana Puran Singh) for help; she says that D'Costa's desires can be used against him. They hatch a plan. Ravi leaves the house before Mohini, pretending to go out of the city. D'Costa learns of this and immediately goes to the couple's house, where he is met by a surprise reception. Mohini dances with him, pretends to seduce him and, as they enter the bedroom, she screams, and Ravi breaks in. He beats up D'Costa badly, and police arrive and arrest the former cop.
D'Costa is now jailed. But enemies are not at bay for him. In prison, he comes across the men whom he has jailed, as they are working in the jail compound. The criminals together attack and kill D'Costa.
The film ends with D'Costa's burial, as Ravi sticks a cross with D'Costa's name on the grave. He then says "Everything has come to an end for good" and walks away with Mohini, as the prisoners look on.