Full Throttle

Joe (Andy Lau) is a youth that loves auto racing. His father Paul (Paul Chun) operates a motorbike business which often organizes motorbike teams to race in Macau and Japan and his racers would often be awarded the crown bike. However, Joe has been rumored to be the best among the racers because every crown bike is always defeated in hands of Joe on the streets. Since Joe's license has been revoked for speeding at the age of 19, he is unable to participate in an official race and can only secretly race in the streets to fulfill his desire of racing on the roads. Joe's father is very irritated about this and views his son as an outlaw biker so he prohibits his racers to race with Joe which sours their father and son relationship. Joe owns an auto repair shop with his friend Jimmy (Chin Ka-lok). Joe's girlfriend Annie (Gigi Leung) is very gentle and kind but she always worries about her boyfriend racing.
David (David Wu) is a youth racer returning from England and hits it off with Joe. Seven years later, Joe readmits his license, ready to show his talents in a race in Macau, but is unable to obtain a racing license which leads him to think that his father is playing some dirty tricks. Retired racer Lo Kwai (Elvis Tsui) advises Joe to reconcile with his father to get a better chance to race. But as usual, once the father and son meet, they argue and his father give the place of the final racer to David. Paul's racers have always been dissatisfied with Joe but races with him. In the process, Joe becomes injured in the accident and lands in a coma for 10 days. Fortunately, under Annie's care, Joe's condition improves but he ultimately misses the race in Macau as he hopelessly watches David become the champion.
After the accident, Joe develops a fear of racing, and is afraid that he can no longer race in the future. Annie is happy about this and persuades him to give up racing and concentrate on operating his repair shop. However, other bikers are waiting for Joe to defeat Macau champion David on the streets but Joe has yet to take action. Rumors spread that Joe is scared and can no longer race. Jimmy is extremely indignant about this and challenges David himself. Unfortunately, Jimmy gets into an accident and dies from his injuries.
Jimmy's death leads Joe to become even more determined to overcome his fear and get his confidence back. Because of Joe's decision to officially challenge David, Anne becomes heartbroken and decides to leave him. Joe arranges to race with David in the mountains, hoping to find the pleasurable feeling of racing again. After a few laps, Joe stops to avoid crushing an empty can that an old lady is about to pick up. The old lady speaks a few words to Joe which wake him up to what he is doing and he decides to give up racing and chases after Annie.