Perfect Exchange

Mandy Chin (Andy Lau), Chung Cho-hung (Tony Leung), Lau Yiu-cho (Wan Chi Keung) and Chan Chung-ming (Natalis Chan) were gambling together. Mandy uses his girlfriend, Lily (Christy Chung), and partner, Gold Finger Chi (Liu Kai-chi), who are the card dealers, to help him cheat and won over HK$6 million. On the other hand, Lau lost up to HK$4 million. Afterwards, Mandy, Lau and Chan met Chung, who brought a number of his subordinates with him, at a bar. There, Lau felt he was cheated and a big fight occurred where Chung was injured. Lau found out that the three of them cheated him and he blackmails Mandy to help him go to prison and interrogate his former subordinate, Robinson Shun (Kwan Hoi-san), who stole a total of HK$300 million treasury bond from him. If Mandy manages to have Robinson tell him the whereabouts of the bond, Lau promises to pay Mandy HK$10 million as a reward. To get Mandy to prison, Lily sues him for sexual harassment. However, due to lack of evidence, the judge does not adopt the case. Mandy later gets himself to prison by throwing his shoe at the judge and he was sentenced to prison for a month for contempt of court and assaulting the judge.
In prison, in order to get close to Robinson and not be bullied by his inmates, Mandy bribes inmates Kei (Lee Siu-kei), Hung (Victor Hon) and Crazy Bill (William Ho) for protection. However, Mandy discovers the truth to the issue. Lau is actually Robinson's son in-law who killed his daughter for money and told the police that she was killed in a robbery. To avenge his daughter, Robinson cuts Lau with a knife and was farmed by Lau for murder, which led to his imprisonment. After hearing this, Mandy changes his mind and is determined to help Robinson seek revenge and punish Lau and Robinson promises Mandy to split half of his property to him after he successfully takes revenge.
In order to persuade Chung, a prison officer, to help him, Mandy promises to give him HK$30 million after he successfully takes revenge on Lau. After fighting with Lau's subordinate Dinosaur (Chan Chi-fai), who was also sent to prison to interrogate Robinson, Mandy, Chung and Dinosaur caused a prison riot which was also on the night of the engagement party between Lau and Mona (Anita Lee). Mandy takes advantage of the chaos and successfully escapes form prison. At Lau's party, Mandy, Chung and Lily causes Lau to shoot Mona dead after a big fight where he was also arrested. Robinson also takes the long hidden bonds from a glass bottle and after the incident, Mandy, Chung and Robinson return to prison.
Due to their efforts and good behavior, the three of them were released from prion early. Since the bonds are deposited in a Switzerland bank, Chung has to wait four years to receive the HK$3 million that Mandy promised to give him earlier.