Bhishma

The film begins in the court of Brahma where Mahabhisha (Prabhakar Reddy) & Ganga (Anuradha) are attracted to each other and Brahma curses them to be born as mortals. After that Mahabhisha takes rebirth as Shantanu in Kuru dynasty and he meets Ganga on banks of the river, request her to marry him, she accepts on condition that he will not ask any questions about her actions. They married and she later gave birth to 7 children and drown them in the river, when Ganga was about to drown the eighth son, Shantanu, devastated, could not restrain himself and confronted her. Finally, Ganga disappears along with the child. The child grows up as Devavratha (N. T. Rama Rao) a great warrior trained by Parasurama (Nagabhushanam). Once he meets his father Shantanu in hunting without knowing his identity, Ganga appears and reunites father & son and goes away. A few years later Shantanu comes across Satyavati (Sujatha) daughter of Dasaraju (A. V. Subba Rao) king of fishermen and falls in love with her. Upon asking for his consent, her father agreed to the marriage on condition that Satyavati's son would inherit the throne of Hastinapura. For his father's happiness Devavratha a powerful vow that lifelong celibacy and of service to whoever sat on the throne of their dynasty, from that day he is named as Bhishma and his father gives him a boon to him that death will not come nearer to him until he calls.
After sometime Shantanu passes away Satyavathi son Vichitravirya (Peketi Sivaram) becomes the king, in the process of finding a bride to him Bhishma abducted princesses Amba, Ambika & Ambalika of Kashi by defeating all princes. After reaching Hastinapura Amba (Anjali Devi) reveals that she is already in love with King Salwa (Kanta Rao), So Bhishma sends her back but Salwa refuses to marry her because now she is owned by Bhishma. Amba approaches Bhishma asks him to marry her but he also refuses because of his oath. Then Amba reaches Parasurama and he orders Bhishma to marry her, Bhishma disagrees the war begins between them and Parasuram is defeated. There, Amba takes an oath that she will take avenge against Bhishma, so, she performs severe penance to please Lord Shiva (Satyanarayana) takes a boon that she will be the reason for Bhishma's death. As a result, Amba was reborn as Sikhandi the beautiful woman later transformed into men.
The Kurukshetra war begins, Bhishma was supreme commander of Kauravas. Pandavas are not able to defeat him for 10 days. Therefore on the ploy Lord Krishna, (Haranath) Arjuna (Shobhan Babu) throws arrows of Bhishma keeping Sikhandi in front and he is collapsed on Alapaseyani (bed of arrows). After completion of the war, Bhishma gives up his body on Uttarayana Punyakalam Lord Krishna gives him a boon that the day is celebrated as Bhishma Ashtami.