Pempudu Koothuru

Raghu (N. T. Rama Rao) & Uma (Devika) are children of Tirupathi (Ramana Reddy) & Seetamma (Malathi). Tirupathi & Raghu are very lazy and spend always time with playing cards and horse races without taking care of the house. Uma runs the house by working as a school teacher and singing songs in radio. In the same town, a rich man Dasavataram (Relangi) lives along with his children Vasu (Haranath) & Manjula (Sowcar Janaki). Raghu is a wrestler, he insults Manjula when she comes for the prize distribution, from that time clashes arise between them. Once Manjula has to give dance performance, there is a requirement of a singer where they come across Uma and Vasu falls in love with her. Everyone agrees to their marriage but when Manjula comes to know that Raghu is Uma’s brother she objects to the marriage. So Uma decides to leave the house, Seetamma tries to pacify her and reveals that she is an orphan then Uma promises her mother that she will not marry until she changes her father & brother.
Meanwhile, Tirupathi arranges Uma’s marriage with an old man Simhachalam for the sake of money. Uma agrees for it but Raghu doesn’t, he totally changes and successfully makes Uma’s marriage with Vasu. After the marriage, Vasu goes abroad for higher studies at that time a tragedy happens, Manjula loses her eyesight for the mistake of Uma. Everyone starts blaming Uma, to protect his sister Raghu comes forward to marry Manjula by acting as a dumb person. But after the marriage, Manjula comes to know the truth and tries to commit suicide. Seeing this Raghu leaves the house. Uma is also thrown out of the house in spite being pregnant. Manjula was taken to Bangalore for treatment; Raghu also reaches there and starts serving Manjula without giving his identity. Parallelly, Uma is recused by an old man and she gives birth to baby boy. Manjula gets back her sight and she realizes her mistake when she comes to know the person serving is her husband. At the same time Raghu recuses Uma’s child from an accident and meets her, Vasu also returns from abroad. Finally, the movie ends a happy note.