Humko Tumse Pyaar Hai

Durga (Amisha Patel) is a beautiful blind woman with a talent for shaping pottery. She is poor and lives with her widowed mother in a simple home. She crosses paths with Rohit, (Arjun Rampal) who saves her life when she is about to fall over a cliff. The pair spend time together and fall in love. At one point, Durga creates a clay bust of Rohit but weeps because she cannot see it. Rohit tells her that he will find a way to help her see again.
When Durga's mother is killed due to the actions of another suitor, Rohit promises to marry her so that he can take care of her. He takes her to a hospital where she will have surgery to regain her sight. While she is recovering (before the bandages are removed), Rohit leaves to prepare their new home. The jealous suitor steps in and apparently kills Rohit.
Upon receiving news of Rohit's death, Durga goes into depression. Dr. Prasad, who performed the surgery, takes her in as his own adopted daughter. As part of his plan to help her recover, he takes her to Switzerland. There she meets Raj (Bobby Deol), a businessman who falls in love with her. He, too, is grieving a dead friend and recognizes that Durga is also lonely. Through persistence and kindness, Durga finally accepts Raj's marriage proposal. Unknown to both, Durga's first love and Raj's dead friend are the same man, Rohit.
On the day of Raj and Durga's engagement, Raj is told that Rohit is alive and in a reclusive hospital where he has been in a coma for six months. Raj is reunited with Rohit, and they return to the house in time for the engagement celebrations. Rohit is shocked to discover that Raj's fiancee is his beloved Durga, but keeps this a secret.
Raj introduces Rohit to Durga, but Rohit purposely doesn't speak in front of her so as to avoid her recognizing his voice. Durga later overhears Rohit speak, recognizes his voice, and confronts him, wanting to be sure whether Rohit is really the man she loved. Rohit denies it, but Durga is not convinced. She calls Dr. Prasad, as he had met Rohit before Durga underwent surgery. The doctor tells her that Rohit is not her long lost love, but it turns out that the doctor was just following Rohit's instructions to lie to her. Durga finally accepts this and does not question Rohit anymore.
One night, the lights go out in Raj's home, and Durga and Rohit accidentally bump into each other. In the dark, Durga's hand goes up to feel Rohit's face, which she recognizes. Rohit flees, and Durga blindfolds herself and recreates the clay bust of her love, relying on memory alone. When it's completed, she looks at it and realizes that Rohit is the person she loves. Rohit confronts her, asking her whether it would be right to destroy Raj's happiness after all that he has been through. Durga reluctantly agrees that she cannot leave Raj, and they decide to keep the secret.
On the day of the wedding ceremony, Raj publicly confronts the pair, apparently in anger. He accuses Rohit of trying to steal Durga away from him. Rohit quietly accepts the accusation. However, Durga cannot remain silent and speaks up for her lover, exposing the truth of their past. It is then revealed that Raj's angry behavior was a ruse to make them reveal the truth. He gladly steps aside to reunite the lovers so they may be married, sharing their happiness as his own.