Muni

Ganesh (Raghava Lawrence), a young man with a deep fear of ghosts who refuses to even go out after 6pm, moves into a new house with his mother (Kovai Sarala), father (Vinu Chakravarthy) and wife (Vedhicka) not knowing that it is the residence where Muni met his death and where his spirit now resides. Muni enters Ganesh's body and Ganesh starts behaving in a rude manner, his family couldn't understand why his behavior is weird so they seek the help of a priest (Nassar). Priest asks the ghost about his whereabouts. The ghost says that he is Muniyaandi (Rajkiran) and starts saying his flashback. Muniyaandi was a kind-hearted poor man living in the slums with his daughter and other people. Muni's friend is Marakka Dhandapani MLA (Kadhal Dhandapani) who uses Muni to make him win in elections and promises that he would give lands to the poor villagers. Dhandapani wins the election but he cheats Muni. Muni fights with Dhandapaani but he kills both him and his daughter. Dhandapaani lies to poor people saying that Muni and his Daughter had fled with the money he had given Muni for the welfare of the village residents. Ganesh accepts Muni and he enters his body. Ganesh enters Dhandapaani's household and terrorizes him and his assistants. Dhandapaani comes to know that the spirit of Muni resides in Ganesh's body so he gets a shaman (Rahul Dev) to save his life. The shaman bargains with Muni who agrees to let Dhandapaani go if Dhandapaani repents and helps the poor villagers. In the climax, at Ayyanaar temple, Dhandapaani confesses to the people that he had actually killed Muni and Muni's daughter. Dhandapaani then leaves money with the villagers. Muni talks with the people and eats the feast prepared by them. The shaman instructs Muni to leave Ganesh's body and he does. However, Dhandapaani had lied and was planning to get back all his money from the villagers. Ganesh, upon hearing this kills Dhandapaani while pretending to be still possessed by Muni. The shaman sees through this act of Ganesh but instead does nothing as the shaman sees the injustice done by Dhandapaani.