Thendrale Ennai Thodu

In the middle of the 80s, in Madras.
While her car, (one Volkswagen Beetle, typify like Walt Disney's "Herbie") breaks down (frequently), Mâlu (Jayashree), a beautiful young graduate, very independent, stemming from the Tamil bourgeoisie, attends, dumbfounded enough, not far from it, in the terrible correction that Raghunath (alias Raghu) (Mogan) to a pickpocket administers. The young man who went to an interview, misses his bus. Having got acquainted with Mâlu and having repaired his vehicle, this one leads him to its meeting. She informs him on the spot, that post, is already taken, what puts Raghu, beside himself. During his interview, he lets burst his anger, he becomes enraged in the face of his future employers, among which one, Rajasekhar (A. R. S.), who is other than the father of Mâlu, who finally, appreciates the frankness of Raghu and commits it on fields. Raghu then gets acquainted with his new office colleagues, the old man Bâlu (Thengaï Srinivasan) and the young person Râmu (Y.G.Magendran), the merry revellers. The first one is married, the second, the single man. Both accomplices receive regularly, on their workplace, the visit of Râmaiya (Typist Gopu), a small procurer who arranges them meetings, with the harlots, for their good pleasure. Râmu who rents a room at Bâlu and joined by Raghu, as the second tenant. Later, Raghu finds Mâlu and announces her the good news of its new work. Both young people eventually love itself, to fall madly in love. Mâlu who is very a player, persuades, for a moment, Raghu, that she is already committed, betrothed to certain Shankar. Destabilized, Raghu understands nothing more. The young woman eventually reveals him the truth. Happier than never, they are love's young dream. Rajasekhar grave on a series of photos, where he sees his only daughter together with Raghu. Mâlu confirms to his father, the decision to get married to Raghu. The father does not oppose it and approves the choice of his daughter, but warns her all the same on the difference of their social class, very briefly. It is then, at this moment, that a disruptive comes to seize up this beautiful love story... Rather, two grains, that is, both accomplices, without knowing their free will. Indeed, they invite Raghu in one of their pleasure party, as spectator, sensitive to nervous, in a luxurious hotel with restaurant, where came down exactly Mâlu with her uncle (Veera Raghavan) and her aunt. It is there that the mistake settles down... Actually, the girl committed by both accomplices, complains in the direction of the hotel, their uncalled-for, even exaggerated behavior. An explanation with the person in charge, little convinced, in front of Mâlu follows who went that way by chance, but without being spotted of the trio. The doubt forms in Mâlu, she wants to have a clear mind about it, to clear up. She speaks to Raghu, apparently very embarrassed and lies deliberately. To test his honesty, Mâlu tent a trap, by making an appointment with him at the same hotel, being been thought of as a prostitute. Accompanied by both accomplices, Raghu goes there, reluctantly and fall in the trap of Mâlu. In spite of the explanations even the pleas of Raghu, Mâlu decides to break, to put an end with him. (They put themselves some distance between them). Disappointed, having failed to get him to listen to reason, Raghu throws in the towel. He resigns from his post and leaves in his native campaign of Tanjore, where is its mother (S.N.Parvathi), to find a little of serenity. Whereas Ramu tries to convince again, Mâlu, on the honesty of its friend Raghu. Mâlu eventually leaves (eventually is allowed, eventually lets) move. This is when the old man Bâlu obtains a promotion, he is transferred to Bangalore, with his wife, Sundari (Gandhimathi). He makes come by his side, Raghu, by proposing him a very interesting post. He finds to work with the paternal uncle of Mâlu, which moreover, came to see him to change the ideas. She comes face to face with Raghu. She tries vainly to retie the contact with him. Raghu suggests to Bâlu come ask, that the page is turned, between him and Mâlu, while it is not the case in reality. Both young people burn with love always, for both, but without being able to say it to himself, admitting him really. Another problem settles. There, where lives Raghu, in a building where everybody knows, the young man enjoys a very robust reputation. All the girls of the district desire him and particularly, Meena (Anubama), the niece of Bâlu, on both sides, Râni, the girl of an owner of taxi (Venniradai Moorthy).
It is a competition between both women, that Raghu takes advantage, wants to pull part to return jealous person Mâlu ...