Four Rooms

The film is set on New Year's Eve, and starts with Sam (Marc Lawrence), the previous bellhop of the Hotel Mon Signor, briefing his replacement, Ted (Tim Roth), about the job.
The film's animated opening credits are inspired by the cartoons of The Pink Panther Show, and feature the scat song "Vertigogo" by Combustible Edsion.
Ted assists a number of unusual women with their luggage, which he takes up to the Honeymoon Suite. He learns they are a coven of witches, attempting to create a potion to reverse a spell cast on their goddess, Diana (Amanda De Cadenet) 40 years ago. In order to create it, they each must place an ingredient into a large cauldron in a ritual. However, one (Ione Skye) has still to retrieve her ingredient - semen - which she is told she must retrieve in one hour. She manages to seduce an initially reluctant Ted and has sex with him in the cauldron. After he leaves, they complete the ritual and Diana is seen emerging from the cauldron.
At the end of the segment, a guest from a hotel room party (Lawrence Bender) calls Ted at the front desk to get some ice. He is unsure about which floor the room is on, but eventually directs Ted to Room 404.
Upon arriving at Room 404, Ted finds himself in the middle of a fantasy hostage situation between a husband and wife. Sigfried (David Proval), the husband, maniacally accuses Ted (whom he calls Theodore) of having slept with his wife, Angela (Jennifer Beals). At gunpoint, Ted is made to participate in the scenario, with uncertainty about what is real and part of the fantasy. At one point, he is stuck in the bathroom window and the party guest from the beginning of the segment appears in the one above, uttering the word "ice" and vomiting. Eventually, Ted escapes just as a different party guest (Paul Skemp) appears, looking for Room 404 and is greeted by Sigfried in the same manner as Ted at the beginning of the segment.
It is not fully clear if these events take place in Room 404 or 409. The party guests' room is on the above floor, which suggests Sigfried's room is indeed Room 404. Adding to this uncertainty, the door reads "40-", with a faint outline of what appears to be a missing "4" or "9". However, Sigfried answers the phone at one point, which is later revealed to be a call connecting to Room 409.
A husband (Antonio Banderas) and wife (Tamlyn Tomita) go out to a New Year's Eve party and leave their two children, Sarah and Juancho (Lana McKissack and Danny Verduzco), in the hotel. Ted is paid $500 to keep an eye on them by their stern father, who orders them not to misbehave. As Ted is responsible for the entire hotel he can't actually stay in the room with them, but instead instructs them to do so and watch television. After he leaves, they soon begin to squabble and proceed to both explore and vandalize the room, and manage to explode a bottle of champagne in the process. They call Ted for toothbrushes, at which point he arrives and attempts unsuccessfully to put them to bed by putting ointment on their eyelids. After they wash them and summon him back once more, he arrives at a scene of mass chaos: a painting in the room, which they use to play darts with a syringe, has a target scribbled on it with lipstick, Juancho has a cigarette in his mouth, Sarah has a bottle of liquor in her hand, the television is set to an adult channel, and they have found the corpse of a dead prostitute (Patricia Vonne) stuffed in the box spring. While Ted tries to quell the chaos, Sarah stabs him in the leg with the syringe when he repeatedly uses the word "whore" and Juancho accidentally sets the room on fire with his cigarette. At this point, their father arrives, carrying his passed-out wife, and, looking around the room, asks Ted, "Did they misbehave?"
After the events of Room 309, an unsettled Ted calls his boss, Betty (Kathy Griffin), to quit. After a prolonged conversation with Margaret (Marisa Tomei), he gets Betty on the phone and quits, but a call from the penthouse comes in. Betty reasons with him and convinces him to tend to their needs, due to the importance of continued Hollywood business to the hotel.
The penthouse is currently being occupied by the famous director Chester Rush (Tarantino) and a group of his friends, which includes Angela from The Wrong Man. The party requests a block of wood, a doughnut, a ball of twine, three nails, a club sandwich, a bucket of ice, and an extremely sharp hatchet (Rush specifically requests a hatchet "as sharp as the Devil himself"). After getting acquainted with Chester and his friends, Ted is asked to take part in a challenge: Chester's friend, Norman (Paul Calderón), has bet he can light his Zippo cigarette lighter ten times in a row. If he succeeds, Norman will win Chester's car, but if he fails, Norman's pinky will be cut off. Ted is asked to "wield the hatchet" and cut off Norman's pinky, should he fail. He initially tries to leave, but Chester persuades him to stay by offering $100 up front and another $1,000 if he performs his assigned role. Norman's lighter fails on the first try, and Ted chops off his pinky, sweeps up all the money, and leaves the penthouse with an energetic step. While the credits are rolling, Chester and company are seen frantically getting ready to take a screaming, agonized Norman to the hospital.