Varushamellam Vasantham

Raja (Manoj Bharathiraja) is an unemployed, care free, lazy young man who lives with his brother Ramesh and their grandfather (M. N. Nambiar). Nambiar is a well respected retired collector, who favours Ramesh since he is well educated and very successful. He speaks ill of Raja and degrades him constantly, going so far as to leave him out of his daily prayers.
Latha (Anita Hassanandani Reddy) and her parents, distant relatives of the brothers, come from abroad to their home to stay for a short while. Raja instantly develops feelings for Latha, and tries to befriend her. He soon finds out that Ramesh is also attracted to Latha, and his brother is determined to win her over. Raja realises that he needs to impress Latha so that she will choose him over Ramesh, and tries to change his lifestyle. Taking the advice of a friend, he tries to get a job as a collector, but he is turned away due to his lack of education. He then tries to learn English, but he is so hopeless that his teacher eventually gives up.
Ramesh, in the meanwhile, tries to sabotage his brothers efforts. He convinces Raja that Latha is very fond of 'sapota', a fruit which she actually hates and is allergic to. Raja delivers baskets of sapota to Latha, but she has an allergic reaction and this causes a rift in their friendship.
Raja is disheartened after his many failures and the attitude of his brother and grandfather. His hope is renewed one day after a conversation with Latha, where she mentions that wealth and education should not affect the love two people have for each other. She says that a single flower bought by a person who works hard is worth more than gifts worth thousands.
Raja eventually finds a job at a metal factory, where he works long hours doing dangerous work. His grandfather witnesses him working, and overhears some of the labourers talking about what a hard worker Raja is. Nambiar sees a change in his grandson and softens his approach towards him.
Latha celebrates her birthday with a grand party, and Ramesh presents her with a costly laptop computer. Ashamed, Raja tries to hide his gift - some cheap clothing wrapped in plain paper, but Latha insists on trying on the outfit immediately. Nambiar realises that the change in Raja was brought about by Latha, and proposes a marriage between the two. To everyone's surprise, Raja declines, despite the fact that he loves Latha. Nambiar is embarrassed and enraged, telling Raja that he will never find a girl who is educated and well respected like Latha. He also says that Raja will forever be useless and lazy, and threatens to cut off his grandsons inheritance. Raja decides to move out and continue working at the metal factory.
Ramesh, who was aware of Raja's feelings towards Latha, confronts his brother about his rejection of the marriage proposal. Raja reveals that Latha had confided in him that she is actually in love with Ramesh. Shocked, Ramesh asks his brother why he didn't just stay silent and accept the marriage, but Raja says that love should come from both sides and cannot be forced. Ramesh is astonished by this and is grateful for Raja's kind personality and good character. He asks for forgiveness and the brothers reconcile.
Nambiar overhears this conversation and is overcome with guilt. After an emotional exchange, Nambiar welcomes him back home. He now treats his grandson Raja with affection and love, and speaks of him with pride.