Sexy Beast

Ex-convict Gary "Gal" Dove is happily retired in Spain with his beloved wife DeeDee, best friend Aitch and Aitch's wife Jackie. A boulder falls from a hill, nearly hits him, and lands in his swimming pool, damaging its double-heart insignia. After an unsuccessful rabbit hunt with Aitch and Enrique, a Spanish boy who helps him around the house, Gal has a dream of a demonic rabbit pointing a gun at him.
An old criminal associate, Don Logan, arrives at Gale's villa, intent on enlisting Gal for a bank robbery in London. Crime lord Teddy Bass learned about the vault from Harry, the bank's chairman, whom he met at an orgy. Gal politely declines, but Logan grows increasingly aggressive. After Gal suggests Logan's real reason for visiting is his infatuation with Jackie, Logan grows furious and demands to be taken to the airport. On the plane, Logan refuses to extinguish his cigarette prior to take-off, is aggressive to staff, and is ejected. He tells the investigator the cabin crew sexually harassed him and is released.
Logan returns to the villa screaming obscenities and attacks Gal with a bottle. Enrique threatens him with a gun, but Logan disarms him. DeeDee shoots Logan with a shotgun and she, Jackie and Gal beat him. When Logan tells Aitch he had sex with Jackie, Aitch hits him with a television set.
In London, Bass asks Gal where Logan is. Gal claims Logan called him from Heathrow Airport. In the morning, Gal has another vision of the demonic rabbit. As Gal eats breakfast, Bass arrives and asks again where Logan is. Gal continues to feign ignorance.
During the heist, Bass's crew use diving gear to drill into Harry's vault from a pool in a neighbouring bath house. The pool water floods the vault and shorts its security system. As the crew empties the vault's safe deposit boxes, Gal secretly pockets a pair of ruby earrings encrusted with diamonds.
After the job, Bass insists on driving Gal to the airport. He stops at Harry's home, where he kills Harry and demands Gal tell him where Logan is. Gal responds that he is "not into this any more". In the car, Bass angrily tells Gal that he does not care about Logan. He pays Gal £10 for the job, giving him a twenty-pound-note and demanding change, then drives away.
Gal returns to his friends and family in Spain, where DeeDee wears the earrings. Gal hears Don's voice tell him that he knew Gal would do the job; Gal responds that Don is dead now and can shut up. The demonic rabbit opens a coffin beneath the swimming pool, revealing Don, who exhales smoke with contempt.