Thalapathi

A 14-year-old forlorn Kalyani delivers a boy in seclusion, fearing societal backlash and incapacity. She abandons him, heavy-hearted, placing him inside a moving goods train, which, a slum dweller finds. The slum procures him as their common child-naming Surya and collectively raise him honest. He grows up, intolerable against injustice especially to the poor, amidst his worry behind a real reason, regarding why his biological mother had impetuously abandoned him. A yellow shawl was the only identity he had of his mother which she had placed him in when casting away.
Devaraj, a powerful, kind yet feared by most in the society, also fights injustice, but by deploying violence. Ramana, an auxiliary of Devaraj's, whose abusive demeanour made Surya pounce on him, succumbs. While Surya gets apprehended, an exasperated Devaraj soon perceives Ramana's felony, realises Surya was genuine and bails him out. This makes Surya and Devaraj get to understand each other as both share similar social ideologies despite getting off to each other on wrong foot. Devaraj declares Surya his "Thalapathi", a best friend.
Arjun, a new district collector, arrives, wants to end violence, all means of, by law. Arjun is the second son of Kalyani, now a doctor. After the abandonment of her first offspring, she wed a man (Jaishankar) who accepted her, despite knowing her past. Never did Kalyani let Arjun know her ordeal she faced as a teen, but constantly is grieved by thoughts of her long-lost first child (Surya). Meanwhile, Surya gets wooed by a Brahmin girl, Subbalakshmi, having been smitten by his transparent nature, restraining crimes. Surya's appraisal to Devaraj leads the people in the locality to pay utmost respect to both as they continue objecting societal incongruencies other dons like Kalivardhan incite through moles in governance.
While Devaraj leads Surya to help curb those unlawful discrepancies, Subbalakshmi initially despises Surya's use of violence and tries to persuade him against it. Devaraj tries to get an alliance between Subbalakshmi and Surya but fails as her father, an Orthodox priest, was uninterested in giving her married to Surya, who he considered an orphan. Her marriage subsequently gets arranged with Arjun.
Arjun targets Devaraj and Surya as they bestow violence, despite fighting organised crime. His attempts to chain them are in vain. Meanwhile, Padma, Ramana's wife, widowed by Surya, makes him feel guilty for the sufferings he brought her. Devaraj, understanding the pain a widow and a single mother bears, shelters them. Padma, however, confesses a quagmire that men surround her with dishonourable intentions, concoct frivolous reasons to make untoward advances. Devaraj, considering Padma and her daughter's safety and Surya's future from lost love, requests them to accept each other. A guilt-ridden Surya marries Padma, wins her child's affection eventually.
Later, at a medical camp, Kalyani meets Padma and her daughter along with the same shawl in which she wrapped her child she rejected. Jaishankar, too, indicates that Surya was none other but Kalyani's long lost son during a suspect pointing. Jaishankar secretly meets Surya and tells his past. Surya gets promised to not have his mother known of him, as it would pain her to know that her son has grown to be a vigilante.
Regretful Kalyani, though, eventually finds Surya and meets him. After emotional poignance, Surya vows that he will not harm Arjun for her. The long-standing feud between Devaraj (by virtue of association) and Kalivardhan, who is Deva's main rival, in due course of time, makes Surya admit his family truths when Devaraj doubts Surya's intentions after knowing about his secret meeting with his stepfather and mother. Deva gets pleased that despite knowing that Arjun was his own blood, Surya still preferred sticking with him, supporting him during unforeseen situations thereby, valuing his friendship more than family. Devaraj, in glee, decides to surrender. They both go meet Arjun, who has also been made aware of who Surya is by his mother. Suddenly, Kalivardhan's men retaliate, where Devaraj gets killed. Angered, Surya avenges Devaraj by killing Kalivardhan and surrenders to the police. In the end, Arjun is transferred and relocates to another city with Subbalakshmi, while Kalyani prefers staying with Surya.