Alag Alag

Chandni is from a poor family who desires to come out of her poverty. Finding that one shortcut to become rich is to marry a rich man, she sets off to Bombay. She meets a man whose stands near a car, assumes he is rich and asks him to marry her. When she finds out that he is not a rich man, she dumps him immediately. The man is actually Neeraj, who aims to become a playback singer in movies. He goes to every studio to meet musicians, but he does not succeed. Chandni lands in a bunglaw to escape from a goon. She plans to settle in the house and requests owner Doctor Rana to let her stay in the house. Dr. Rana finds Chandni is an innocent village girl and allows her to live in his house. Chandni takes charge of the home and dismisses the servants which annoys Rana. But he feels good about the presence of woman in his home after his wife's death.
Neeraj attempts to get recommendation from a social worker whose brother is a musician. He poses as a lame person to her but gets caught when he goes to treatment to Dr. Rana as Chandni exposes him. Neeraj gets angry at her and swears to ruin her plans, which scares Chandni. Chandni plans to make Dr. Rana propose marriage to her. Neeraj gets frustrated on his failed attempts to be a singer. He meets a famous film actress Saritha and requests her for a chance. Saritha invites him and he agrees. Saritha actually plans to marry him and not help with his ambitions. When Neeraj finds out, he leaves angrily. He realises that the reason is that he loves Chandni. Dr. Rana finds that Chandni is a good singer and makes her to change into a fashionable woman. Neeraj proposes to Chandni, but she refuses as she wants to marry a rich man. Neeraj repeatedly attempts to win her love and finally Chandni accepts him. Chandni finds that Dr. Rana actually has loved her as his daughter and feels bad for her immature behaviour.
Neeraj manages to get a chance to sing and re-unites with his rich parents. While on his way to meet Chandni, he meets with an accident and loses his voice. Dr. Rana dies of illness and Chandni is again back to her old life. When Chandni meets Neeraj on the road, he goes away unwilling to be a burden for Chandni, but Chandni misunderstands that Neeraj dumped her because she is poor. Neeraj decides to make Chandni a playback singer and support her without revealing himself with the help of his mother. As expected, Chandni becomes a famous singer but she hates Neeraj for leaving her. The rest of the film deals with whether Chandni comes to know about Neeraj and if he will get his voice back.