River's Edge

In Northern California, an adolescent boy, Tim (Joshua John Miller), throws a doll into a river. On the opposite bank, he sees teenager John "Samson" Tollet (Daniel Roebuck) smoking a cigarette; next to him is the nude corpse of his girlfriend, Jamie (Danyi Deats). Later at a convenience store, Tim encounters John arguing with the clerk over buying beer. Tim returns home where his brother Matt (Keanu Reeves) and mother are searching for his little sister's doll. Layne (Crispin Glover) arrives and picks up Matt, and the two drive to the home of Feck (Dennis Hopper), a neurotic ex-biker and drug dealer, to buy marijuana. On the car ride there, Layne recounts a party from the night before where John and Jamie were arguing. At school, Layne and Matt smoke with their friends Clarissa (Ione Skye), Maggie (Roxana Zal), and Tony (Josh Richman). Matt talks about wanting to run away to Portland, which Clarissa dismisses. Samson arrives, and mentions that he killed Jamie. Clarissa and Maggie think he's joking, and leave for class. He brings Layne and Matt to view her body; Matt is disturbed, while Layne is singularly concentrated on covering up the crime.
The group all plan to go see Jamie's body that evening, which Clarissa assumes is a practical joke. An older acquaintance, Mike, agrees to drive them in his truck, and they each see Jamie's body for themselves. Later that night, Clarissa calls Matt, but he is reluctant to talk to her. Meanwhile, Layne goes back to the scene and pushes Jamie's body into the river. Later, while driving with Samson, he notices police cars near Samson's house. Layne panics, but Samson remains calm. They drive to Feck's house, and Layne leaves Samson there to hide. Meanwhile, Matt directs police to the river, where they find Jamie's body washed up on the shore. Matt is subsequently interrogated by police, who threaten to charge him with being an accessory after the fact. Matt returns home and argues with his mother and her boyfriend, and then gets into a fight with Tim, hitting him in the face. After, Tim and his friend Moko steal Moko's father's car to drive to Feck's.
In the middle of the night, Layne, Clarissa and Matt drive to Tony's house, but Tony's father chases them off with a shotgun. Layne argues with Clarissa and kicks her out of his car. Matt gets out and walks with her. They stop at a convenience store and run into John and Feck. Tim and Moko break into Feck's house in search of a gun, but find his stash of marijuana instead; they each get stoned and pass out in his house. Matt and Clarissa go to a park to talk, where they confide their mutual apathy over Jamie's murder. Meanwhile, Samson and Feck have gone to the river's edge to drink beer. Feck discusses a murder he committed years prior of his own girlfriend, and Samson drunkenly begins to brag about killing Jamie, recounting his strangling her to death with relish. Matt and Clarissa have sex in the park nearby before falling asleep, while Layne drives around town in a panic, compulsively taking pills.
At dawn, Samson falls asleep on the river bank, and Feck shoots him in the head. He returns to his home, where Tim and Moko accost him and steal his gun. Police find Layne unconscious in his car, and bring him in for questioning. At school, news reporters interview Maggie and Tony, who seem dispassionate. During history class, the teacher, Mr. Burkewaite, discusses morality, and asks Clarissa what Jamie meant to her in front of the class; she doesn't respond. Layne calls Feck's house asking where Samson is, and Feck tells him he's gone to the river; in the middle of the phone call, police break down Feck's door. The group of teenagers go to the river together, and Layne finds Samson's body nearby. Tim arrives at the scene with Feck's gun and threatens to kill Matt for hitting him the night before, but Matt talks him out of it.
Police arrive and escort the teenagers away as medical examiners remove Samson's body. In the hospital, Feck admits to killing Samson "because there was no hope for him," and confesses to his girlfriend's murder from years prior. Later, at Jamie's funeral, each of the teenagers show emotion during the wake.