Mr. Bean's Holiday

Mr. Bean (Rowan Atkinson) drives to a church fete where he wins the first prize in a raffle – a holiday involving a train journey to Cannes, a video camera, and €200.
Following a misunderstanding involving a taxi at Paris railway station Gare du Nord, Bean is forced to make his way unorthodoxly towards the Gare de Lyon from La Defense to board his next train towards Cannes. However, a vending machine prevents him from boarding, and he misses his train. Whilst waiting for the next, he samples French seafood cuisine at the restaurant Le Train Bleu, mistakenly eating a langoustine whole and pouring the oysters he took a dislike to into a woman's handbag.
Back on the platform, Bean asks a man, Emil Duchevsky (Karel Roden), a Russian movie director, to use his camcorder to film his boarding the train, but spends so much time retaking the shot that the train starts to leave. Although Bean manages to get onto the train, the doors close before Emil can get on. Emil's son, Stepan (Max Baldry) is therefore left on board without his father.
Bean attempts without success to befriend the boy. At the next station, the train leaves without him when he disembarks to get his camcorder back from Stepan who had disembarked earlier. The train Emil has boarded does not stop at the station, and he instead holds up a sign showing a mobile number, with the last two digits inadvertently being covered by his fingers. Attempts at calling the number prove fruitless due to a mistaken identity from Emil's housekeeper of his hotel room. Bean and Stepan board the next train but get kicked off as Bean had left his wallet and ticket on the telephone box.
Attempts at busking, including lip syncing to Puccini's "O mio babbino caro", prove successful, and Bean buys the pair food and bus tickets to Cannes. Bean manages to lose his ticket that attaches itself to a chicken's leg, and instead attempts to hitchhike his way there. Bean soon falls asleep, exhausted from walking and wakes up on what appears to be a quaint French village attacked by wehrmacht backed by a StuG III, but is actually a film set for a yoghurt advert. Bean ends up as an extra in the advert, directed by Carson Clay (Willem Dafoe). When Bean's camera battery dies, he recharges it using the set's equipment, but accidentally ends up destroying the set in an explosion.
Bean then tries to hitchhike again and is picked up by a yellow Mini identical to his, driven by actress Sabine (Emma de Caunes), who offers him a lift to Cannes. She is an aspiring actress on her way to the 59th Cannes Film Festival, where the film in which she makes her debut as an extra will be presented. When they stop at a service station, Bean finds Stepan dancing in a cafe with a band. Sabine agrees to take him with them, assuming that Stepan is Bean's son, while Stepan thinks Sabine is Bean's fiancée. Bean uses Sabine's mobile phone to try to call Emil again, but to no avail, and the trio end up driving through the night.
The next morning, they reach Cannes. When Sabine goes into a petrol station to change for the premiere, she sees Bean's photo on the television; he is suspected of kidnapping Stepan while Sabine is Bean's accomplice. However, since the premiere in Cannes is scheduled to start in one hour, she decides not to go to the police to clear the misunderstandings. Therefore, to get into the premiere, Stepan and Bean disguise themselves as Sabine's daughter and mother, respectively, and manage to evade the police.
After sneaking into the premiere, Sabine and Bean are disappointed to see that her scene has been cut from the film. Bean plugs his video camera into the projector, projecting his video diary. The bizarre tale it tells fits director Carson Clay's narration well, and the director, Sabine, and Bean receive standing ovations as Stepan is finally reunited with his father.
After the screening, Bean leaves the building by the back door, finally making his way onto Cannes beach. A montage follows of Bean playing by the water's edge, while Sabine is interviewed, Carson Clay attempts to mimic Bean's unorthodox filming methods, and Stepan relaxes with his family. The film ends with the entire cast and background crowd miming a musical finale "La Mer". After the credits, Bean writes "FIN" in the sand with his foot. He films it until the sea washes the words away, and the camera's battery runs out.