Jamna Pyari

The story begins with Vasu (Sijoy Varghese), father of Vasoottan (Kunchacko Boban) rescuing people from a bus which had fallen from a bridge in to a flooded river. During the rescue, Vasu drowns in front of the onlookers including his friend Prakashan (Joy Mathew), his wife and his child while trying to rescue a kid. Then the story moves over to Vasoottan (Kunchacko Boban) who is an Auto-Rickshaw driver, who is a very helpful person possessing many good qualities like his father. He helps anyone who is in need. Sabu (Suraj Venjarammoodu) is Vasoottan's friend, who was a one time goon and got reformed due to Vasoottan's influence. Vasoottan helps Sabu to marry Vinitha (Muthumani),his love interest. One day a girl named Parvathy (Gayathri Suresh) hires his auto to go to the Wadakkanchery Railway station. As the train was about to depart, she asks Vasoottan to take her to the Taxi stand. Agreeing, he drops Parvathy at the Railway station, which turns out to be an adventurous journey. She thanks him and leaves. After a few days Prakashan's son informs that a girl had come to their studio and had inquired about Vasoottan and also about the accident that took place long back in which Vasoottan had lost his Father. Vasoottan's friend Sabu speculates that it was Parvathy. Later, Vasoottan receives a call from Parvathy and she asks him to come to her house in order to meet her Father. Sabu and Prakashettan make a bet stating that Parvathy loves Vasoottan and had called him in order to fix their marriage. Vasoottan goes to her house and gets to know that they had called him to seek his help to deliver 100 Jamnapyari goats to a foreign firm. Parvathy's Father (Maniyan Pilla Raju) and Mother (Anju Aravind) pleads Vasoottan for his help and he agrees to help them to deliver the Jamna Pyari goats on time (within a period of 12 days). Sridharan (Renji Panicker) is Parvathy's Father's rival and he tries all ways to get their business to fail with his money and muscle power. At first Vasoottan arranges 10 Jamna Pyaris from local,from where he gets Tony Kurishinkal as new to his team. Then they started giving advertisements in print, audio as well visual and e-medias. They received vide responses for the ads and finally they manages to reach the target. After too many complication, Vasoottan succeed in his target and he and Parvathy gets their love succeed at the end