Swarag Se Sunder

Vijay Kumar Chowdary (Jeetendra) Sarpanch of a village, is respected by the entire village, he has a happy family with his wife Lakshmi (Jayaprada) and his younger brother Ravi (Mithun Chakraborty). Ravi loves and respects his brother and sister-in-law more than a father and mother. Vijay is always busy with village activities and doesn't have any time to spend with Lakshmi, who suffers as a result. Milavat Ram (Kader Khan) is a Kirana store owner who sells cheap quality products harming the villagers. Vijay opens a government store to provide better goods. Since that hurts Milavat Ram and his wife, they develop an enmity against him. Milavat Ram's brother-in-law Pannalal (Prem Chopra) also is angry with Ravi because he had his son's marriage without his permission. Milavat Ram's wife always insults Lakshmi as she doesn't have any children. Ravi loves Lalitha (Padmini Kolhapure), the daughter of Milavat Ram. Lalitha is a very good girl who lacks the bad qualities of her parents. Lalitha and Lakshmi live like sisters. Vijay aspires to Lalitha's behavior and all of them live happily. Lakshmi and Lalitha become pregnant at the same time, Lakshmi gives birth to a male child and Lalitha's child dies at birth. Meanwhile, Ravi goes to bring medicines and does not know the matter. The doctor says there is a risk to Lalitha's life, so Vijay and Lakshmi secretly give their child as Ravi and Lalitha's child to save Lalitha's life. After some time, there arise misunderstandings between Vijay, Ravi, Lakshmi, and Lalitha due to the child. Ravi and Lalitha live in the house with the child after they come to words of Milavat Ram and his wife. Milavat Ram and Pannalal play a trick; they insist Ravi ask for his share in their property, Ravi doesn't agree to it. Lalitha prompts him to agree, which hurts Vijay and he gives up the entire property to Ravi and wants to leave the village forever. Ravi gets angry with Lalitha, then she tells the truth to him that the baby is not their son, he is the son of Vijay and Lakshmi, who is now in the custody of Pannalal, who insisted that she do this. Ravi goes to save the baby, but gets injured by Pannalal and his gangsters. Vijay learns of the injury and protects both Ravi and his child from Pannalal. Ravi and Lalitha give back the child to Vijay and Lakshmi, meanwhile, Milavat Ram and his wife also realize their mistake in hiding the truth. All misunderstandings removed, they live happily.