Cocktail

Meera (Diana Penty) is a shy and simple traditional girl who leaves her family in India, to live in London with her husband Kunal (Randeep Hooda). While at the London airport, she meets Gautam "Gutlu" Kapoor (Saif Ali Khan), a shameless flirt and playboy who hits on her and asks her out. Meera politely tells him that she is married and then leaves. Meera searches for her husband and finally finds him, but he is angry to see her and explains that he only married Meera for her money, telling her to stay away from him. This leaves Meera heartbroken and stranded in London with no place to stay.
While in the bathroom at a department store, Meera meets free spirited party girl Veronica (Deepika Padukone) who sees Meera weeping and decides to help her. Veronica takes Meera to her apartment and explains that her estranged father sends her a large amount of money through cheque every month, which helps Veronica enjoy the life of a rich socialite. One night, Veronica takes Meera to a nightclub, where they run into Gautam. At the club, Gautam and Veronica dance intimately and make out. The next morning, after a job interview, Meera comes home to find Gautam on the couch. She learns that Gautam and Veronica slept together the previous night. Soon, Gautam moves in with Veronica and Meera, continuing his "no strings attached" relationship with Veronica. Although Meera initially dislikes him, she comes to accept him, and the three become good friends.
Eventually, Gautam's mother Kavita (Dimple Kapadia) and his uncle Randhir (Boman Irani) arrive, looking for him. Kavita is shocked to see Gautam's drunken escapades with the two girls, and wants to know if he has found anyone to settle down with yet. Kavita does not particularly like Veronica due to her lifestyle, while Randhir develops a soft spot for her. Gautam lies to his mother and says that he is in a relationship with Meera because she is the "Ideal Indian girl", who would meet his mother's approval. During this charade, Gautam and Meera become closer and end up falling in love. However, Meera is hesitant to admit it, because she does not want to hurt Veronica, her best friend. Veronica has fallen in love with Gautam and is trying to win the approval of his mother by becoming a "decent" Indian girl.
Unable to continue with the lie, Gautam sits the two women down and explains to Veronica that even though she loves him, he is in love with Meera. Meera apologises to Veronica, but Veronica assures her that it is okay and insists that they all go to the club to celebrate. However, at the club, a drunken Veronica breaks down, telling Gautam that she will do whatever he wants, and she tells Meera that no one has ever used her the way she did. The next morning, the three part ways. Meera decides to go back to her husband, while Veronica becomes depressed and engages in increasingly dangerous and destructive behaviour. One night, Veronica is badly injured after being hit by a car. Gautam rushes her to hospital. Meera comes there with Kunal to make it look like she has gotten over Gautam.
Gautam moves back in with Veronica to care for her. Veronica thinks that they are rebuilding their relationship, but soon realises that Gautam is no longer the flirtatious, fun-loving man with whom she fell in love, and that he is that man only when he is with Meera. She sacrifices her love for Gautam after realising she is not perfect for him, and she helps him locate Meera. They seek out Kunal, who tells them that Meera left him because she loved Gautam too much and that she has gone back to India. Gautam and Veronica travel to Delhi. Gautam proposes to Meera, and she accepts. Veronica and Meera become best friends again and the three friends reunite.