The Mouse Comes to Dinner

Mammy Two Shoes is setting up for a fancy dinner. Jerry appears from under the table and climbs on the tablecloth, observing the room as Mammy sets out more plates. She leaves the room, hoping nothing goes wrong before the company arrives. Tom appears from underneath a houseplant and rushes to the phone to invite his girlfriend, but must first keep Jerry out of the cheese=and-crackers spread. Tom bops him with a spoon and knocks him out, returns to the phone and calls up his lover, Toots, who answers and happily exclaims that she'd love to come to dinner.
At the meal, Jerry is forced into performing menial duties for the two cats, such as carrying food over and blowing Tom's soup for him.
Frustrated at being made Tom's slave, Jerry drinks some of Tom's soup, steps onto his spoon, and proceeds to spit the soup into Tom's face.
Tom retaliates by placing the spoon and Jerry directly above a candle's flame, causing Jerry to burn his feet and bottom before shooting off the spoon and landing onto some butter, which melts on contact.
Toots offers Tom some bread, but the angry Jerry sandwiches Tom's tail in between the two slices of bread; Tom even puts ketchup on the tail sandwich before chomping on it (Tom being too busy with Toots to watch what he is putting ketchup on). After the cat leaps into the air in pain, he tries to keep a cool face towards his girlfriend, but as a result cannot see Jerry repeat the trick the second time again: When he looks back at his tail, he sees only cream, a slice of pineapple, and a maraschino cherry, which he unsuspectingly chomps again. Jerry is immediately captured and made into a champagne cork opener.
After Tom opens the bottle, he throws Jerry into a glass of water, then pours out two glasses of champagne and drinks his before his girlfriend can notice. Twice he tries to hug her, but she dodges him. Tom kisses his sweetheart's arm from bottom to top, and she (obviously not willing to take this step yet) sticks a spoon out for Tom to kiss. Toots continually dodges more hugs, and when she starts jumping to avoid him, Tom hangs back and grabs her at the right moment. With no other recourse, she takes out a "wolf pacifier" (in the form of a Wrench) and whacks Tom.
Jerry laughs at the incident, mocking Tom's kissing the arm of Toots, when Tom opens a cigar with Jerry's mouth and strikes a match on Jerry's behind. Tom gets pied in retaliation, and attempts to return the favor, but instead hits Toots when Jerry ducks the attack.
Now angry with her boyfriend, she hurls three pies at the scared cat which all miss when Tom ducks; Jerry pokes the cat in the rear with a fork, who stands up and is splattered by pies!