Circle

Fifty people wake up in a darkened room, arranged in two concentric circles around a black dome. Noises sound when they attempt to move or touch the others. When someone ignores the warning and leaves formation, a beam from the dome kills them. As the others panic, a man attempts to calm them. In mid-sentence, he is killed by the device. Thereafter, every two minutes, another person is killed. After several people die, they realize they can vote for who dies. When nobody votes, one is selected randomly.
After arguing over criteria, a college guy suggests that they vote together for the elderly. Having bought several minutes by not arguing, they discuss where they are, how they got there, who has abducted them, and why. One person claims to remember being in traffic and attempting to flee Los Angeles, which jogs the memories of others. He is the only one to remember his abduction until an elderly man says he saw and spoke to aliens. As the elderly man describes them, several others accuse him of lying to prolong his life; he is killed next.
When the college guy proposes a middle-aged woman as their next target, several people who do not consider her elderly object. The woman describes herself as a 52-year-old cancer survivor, which draws suggestions that she is going to die anyway. A doctor joins others in her defense, and when the college guy pushes for the cancer survivor's death regardless, people select him instead. Several people say they recognize the others: the doctor and a man possibly had an affair, a man identifies the woman next to him as his wife, and a cop points out an alleged wife-beater, a tattooed man who initially denies the allegations but under pressure says she deserved it and is eliminated.
After several minorities are quickly eliminated, an African-American man claims the process has become racist. Several others dispute this, but when the cop goes on a racist rant, he is selected next. They attempt to give 1 vote to every person in the circle, but one man votes for the pregnant woman, so a man identified as Eric votes for him. They tie, and the man is killed in a run-off vote. Intrigued, the captives experiment with voting. They find they cannot vote for themselves, and all ties must be resolved, meaning that one of the final two people left must volunteer to die or else both will die. After several volunteer to die, a skeptical faction led by an atheist and an Asian boy antagonizes the theists who praised the volunteers' faith. The atheist is briefly saved, but when he accuses a pretty girl beside him of being a porn star, which she denies, he is killed. A lesbian becomes a target, but the lawyer who argued strongest for her selection is killed instead.
After several eliminations, two main blocs emerge: one that wants to protect the pregnant woman and a young girl, and another that wants to eliminate them immediately as a threat to their survival. A soldier, a one-armed man, and Eric argue everyone should sacrifice themselves to save the girl and pregnant woman for last, while a faction led by a rich man argues that everyone is equal, and no special privileges should be afforded to anyone. The husband is forced to vote with the soldier's bloc when they threaten to eliminate his wife, but, under interrogation, they admit they concocted the relationship to curry favor. They are both eliminated, and the two factions aggressively thin their opponents' numbers.
Eventually, only Eric, the pregnant woman, a silent man who has never voted, and the girl are left. Eric theorizes that aliens have used the process to learn about humanity's values. After the silent man is eliminated, Eric encourages the young girl to join him in suicide. However, at the same time she dies, Eric quickly votes to kill the pregnant woman. Eric waits to be freed, but then ties with the pregnant woman's unborn child, whom he votes to kill. Eric wakes in Los Angeles where he joins a group of people, watching a fleet of hovering alien craft.