Thambikku Entha Ooru

The film begins by showing Rajni as Balu, a lavish spendthrift with a cavalier attitude towards life. Born to a rich father Chandrasekhar (played by VS Raghavan), Rajni has a rampant and aggressive behaviour and gets into confrontations wherever he perceives injustice. Worried about Rajni's behaviour, his father decides to send him to his friend and ex-militaryman Gangadharan's (played by Sendhamarai) village, to work for him for one year with a condition that Rajni will not reveal that he is the son of Chandrasekhar. Rajni slowly gets accustomed to the village life and learns to work hard and develops a good relation with Gangadharan and his family. During his stay, he spars with an arrogant rich girl, Sumathi (Madhavi). Madhavi assuming Rajni to be a poor villager tries to humiliate him and Rajni responds in kind. Eventually they both fall in love. In a triangular story line, Gangadharan's daughter played by Sulokshana, also falls in love with Rajni, but learns he is in love with Madhavi. A dejected Sulokshana agrees to marry a man (Sathyaraj) chosen by her father. Madhavi's father (played by Vinu Chakravarthi) who had agreed to get her married to his partner's son rescinds the proposal on Madhavi's request. This enrages the villainous partner (Srikanth) and he kidnaps Madhavi to marry her by force to his son Nizhalgal Ravi. Rajni rescues her and leaves her in the custody of Satyaraj and Sulakshana. However Sathyaraj betrays his trust and turns her over back to Srikanth and Nizhalgal Ravi. In a final fight sequence, Rajni rescues Madhavi and returns her to her father. Rajni then leaves the village after learning hard work, discipline and many other good virtues from Gangadharan. The final scene shows Madhavi and her father at Rajni's father house discussing marriage for Madhavi. Madhavi refuses but soon realizes that she is actually in Rajni's house and to everyone's surprise Rajni clad in a full suit walks down the stairs when the credits start rolling.