Naan Pesa Ninaipathellam

Viswanath (Anand Babu) has only a cousin Kaveri (Latha) as family and is very affectionate towards her. He drops out of school to pay Kaveri's school fees. Viswanath works hard and begins to sing in the street to support Kaveri.
A few years later, he becomes a singer in a band and organizes some stage performance with his friend Govind (Vivek). Unknowingly, Govind and Viswanath pick up a woman called Sandhya (Mohini). She tells that she isn't a singer, she doesn't have family and she has come to find a job in the city. But Sandhya helps Viswanath and Govind in a timely manner by helping them settle their house rent.
Kaveri completes her graduation and becomes a famous newscaster in a TV channel. However, she gets arrogant owing to her fame and she does not want to marry Viswanath as she thinks him to be a mismatch for her due to his poor condition. She challenges Viswanath to become rich.
Viswanath gets an opportunity to perform in a wedding reception. At the marriage reception, Viswanath sees Kaveri as the bride and is shocked knowing that Kaveri ditched him. Viswanath decides to commit suicide but Sandhya saves him and tells her past. Sandhya's father was a rich businessman. Anand (Anand) and Sandhya were in love and they later got engaged. When Sandhya's father's business went bankrupt, Anand refused to marry her. A few days later, her father died because of the shock.
Viswanath and Sandhya challenge to succeed in life. They decide to work hard separately. Sandhya passes civil services exam and she becomes a district collector. Sandhya meets with an accident and is spotted by Anand. Anand takes care of Sandhya in hospital and he proposes to marry. Sandhya agrees Anand's proposal and they decide to get married.
Viswanath on hearing about Sandhya's wedding plan gets shocked and rushes to the marriage hall but is stopped by the security guards at the entrance. Just before tying the knot, Sandhya cancels the wedding saying that she wanted to teach Anand a lesson by cancelling the wedding at the last moment. Sandhya walks out from the wedding hall and meets Viswanath and praises him as a great human being in front of everyone. She also informs everyone that she loves Viswanath and they get married. After a few years, it is shown that Viswanath becomes a famous singer and gets interviewed by Kaveri, embarrassed, in a TV interview. Viswanath and Sandhya live happily together.