KL Gangster 2

KL Gangster 2 tells a story of two brothers Malik (Aaron Aziz) and Jai (Adi Putra) indirectly caught in the gangsterism world after the death of their father, 10 years ago. Since their father's demise, their families lived in hardship with their mother (Ku Faridah) living in fear caused by threats from loan sharks who came to collect their father's debt. Due to financial problems and hardship,Jai turned aggressive to the point of willing to do anything for money to change his luck,meanwhile gaining the disapproval from his family.
On the other end,Malik is getting bogged down thinking about the problems they faced and coupled with the inspection results from the doctor confirming that his mother is suffering from cancer. Meanwhile, Tailong (Rosyam Nor)who himself is among the biggest gangster heads in Kuala Lumpur was actively carrying out illegal activities. All of Tailong's actions was not favoured by the other gangsters, but they had to contend with his power. At the same time, King (Ridzuan Hashim) and his stepson, Shark (Syamsul Yusof) planned to strengthen their position by taking down Tailong and calling for help from his long-time best friend, Malik,and offering huge sums of money to him.
Malik accepted the offer in the intention of covering the medical cost for his mother and to pay his father's debt. But his activity was not consented by his mother and both the latter and his brother were driven out of their home. King became increasingly powerful with the help of Malik and his presence made Tailong feel threatened. He plans to eliminate King and Malik. A huge fight later ensued between the two groups when Tailong ambushed King and Malik at a night club. They were almost defeated by Tailong and King was incapacitated,but Malik's fighting skills proved to be a match even for Tailong. Shortly after, the police arrived and they managed to escape. At the same time, Malik spotted a tattoo on Tailong's body similar to the one the murderer of his father had. The conflict and animosity between Malek and Tailong grew from that point onwards.
When Tailong discovered that Jai and Malik were brothers, he overpowered Jai and proceeded to kidnap Zati (Sheera Iskandar) and raped her in front of Jai. Malik went home to find his mother suffering severe injuries due to being beaten by Tailong's men. He had no clue as to what his siblings are going through,and he rushed his mother to the hospital. Tailong finally called Malik to the port if he wants to save his siblings in the final showdown.
With the help of Ajib,a section head who sees Malik as his blood brother (Sofi Jikan) and his men, Malik managed to take down Tailong's men.Malik and Jai teamed up, succeeding in defeating Tailong and afterwards handed him over to Shark,who shot him dead. They then rushed to the hospital with money taken from Tailong's briefcase to pay the deposit so that their mother can undergo surgery.Although this results in their mother and sister disowning them who sees their involvement in the gang world brought upon ruin to the family,just as their late father did. In the aftermath,Jai stubbornly continues to remain in the criminal world in his quest for riches,and Malek was arrested by the police after being framed by Shark,who planted the evidence in his car. While he was being escorted to the police station, Malek prayed to God for the safety of his family while he was serving time.
At the same time, Tailong's death caused a drastic change in the gang hierarchy. Credited for taking down Tailong,Shark quickly rose to prominence and he became the leader for the strongest gangs in KL(however King later reclaimed his title after making a full recovery). The story of Malik and Jai would later continue in the first film, KL Gangster.