Mynaa

The film starts with an imprisoned Suruli (Vidharth) recalling his love for Mynaa (Amala Paul) since childhood that becomes more intense as they grow. While suruli was 15, he dropped out of school and became unofficial cleaner in the jeep ferry in his village. He sees 11-year old myna and her widow mom being thrown out of house due to lack of rent. Suruli becomes attracted to her, as she picks her books first from the mess. He takes the duo to his village, arranges a home for them. He also gets myna into the school where he eloped from, and she keeps studying. 8 years later, suruli is a hard-working kooli in the neighbouring town and myna is preparing for her +2 exams. She attains puberty and love blossoms between them, which is despised by myna's mom who sees suruli as a not-worthy groom. Though Mynaa's mother assures Suruli of getting them married, she changes her mind and arranges for Mynaa to marry a man working in Dubai. Infuriated, Suruli threatens to kill her, and throws a stone near her head. He is arrested by the police and given a 15-day prison sentence for murder-threat. Mynaa's mother arranges the marriage on the 14th day (on diwali) one day before his release.
Here comes the story of sub-jail in-charge DSP Bhaskar (Sethu) and a head constable Ramaiah (Thambi Ramaiah) .He married the daughter of a very rich land-lord, and she has 4 elder brothers, who adore her. Ramaiah is a happy married man who loves his wife, but is childless. The jail is decorated for the pre-diwali function, and after the function Suruli is found to be missing. The jail staff are shocked as if something happens to him outside the jail (or) if the DSP can't produce him for court after diwali, all of them will face severe charges. The district jail-chief gives baskar 24-hours to bring him back. meanwhile, baskar was to immediately take his wife to madurai to complete their diwali shopping with her family as this diwali was his Thalai[10] Deepavali . But, to save his job he secretly quits this tradition and goes to suruli's village with ramiah.
Suruli reaches myna's house by midnight, but her mother locks herself and myna inside, and blackmails that if suruli tries to come in by force, she will immolate myna. Suruli waits patiently outside for the groom's family. baskar and ramaiah reach the nearest small town to suruli's village and forced to move by foot. They reach his village by morning. As the groom comes, myna's mom comes out and blames suruli for forcing her daughter. But myna refuses this and the marriage is dropped. Myna's mom attempts to kill the duo but baskar saves them and handcuffs suruli. Myna decides to proceed along with them.
On their way, they encounter more adventures that include an elephant chasing them and losing their way thereby reaching Kerala. From there, their journey continues, with Bhaskar becoming infuriated with Suruli as he is not able to celebrate his first diwali, busy running behind Suruli. He promises to give him hell once he is back in prison. A parallel story reveals Bhaskar's annoyed wife Sudha and her brothers troubling Bhaskar to come to their hometown for the festival. However, Bhaskar soon develops a soft corner for Suruli as he saves him from a freak bus accident. The four go back together to their hometown. Baskar promises to get suruli released within 2 days and assures to get them married after Suruli is released and Ramaiah asks Mynaa to stay in his house for shelter.
However, Bhaskar instead asks Ramaiah to let Mynaa stay in his house so that he can take her safe the next day for wedding. On reaching his house, Bhaskar finds his wife waiting furiously and she also accuses Mynaa for having illegitimate relationship with Bhaskar. Bhaskar gets angry and scolds his wife following which she leaves the home. On the next day, Bhaskar, Ramaiah and Suruli on the way to court finds a dead body in railway track and they get shocked seeing it to be Mynaa. Bhaskar finds out that Sudha's brothers arrived at their house immediately and killed Mynaa, who they thought to be responsible for the trouble, and threw her body on a railway track. Upon witnessing this Suruli cries and jumps in front of another train and dies. Bhaskar feels guilty about the incident and gets angered. He quits his job, goes back to his wife's home where he kills her and all of her brothers with just a sickle. He voluntarily surrenders and is imprisoned for 20 year-sentence in suruli's cell.