Poor Boy's Game

Donnie Rose (Rossif Sutherland) plays a former boxer who is released from prison after serving time for a vicious assault on a Black teen that left the teen physically and mentally disabled. The beating of the teen sparked outrage and further divided the historically segregated city of Halifax. Upon his release from prison, he is surprised by a hero's 'welcome home' party at his brother Keith Rose's ( Greg Bryk) house and other members of the White community in Halifax. While at the party Donnie is confronted by the victim's father George Carvery (Danny Glover) who is holding a gun contemplating shooting Donnie to avenge the assault of his son. After a tense, heated exchange between George and Keith who is wielding a baseball bat, Donnie tells George "Just do what you came here to do" . After contemplating for a few moments George returns to his car and drives back to his mostly African Nova Scotian North End Halifax- area home. At this time, we get the first glance at his family, his wife Ruth Carvery (Tanya Lee Williams) and his mentally and physically challenged son Charles (K.C. Collins). The condition of Charles has an obvious strain on their marriage, as just the sight of Charles condition forces them to come to grips that he will never again lead a 'normal life'.
The release of Donnie from prison is much to the chagrin of members of the Black community in Halifax. Ossie Parris (Flex Alexander) a famous boxing champion challenges Donnie to a fight in the hopes of seeking retribution for the vicious attack that left Charles disabled, offer him $20,000 to participate in the prize fight. Knowing that Ossie will use the opportunity to murder Donnie in the ring, George offers to train Donnie in order from keeping him from being killed. Later in the movie members of the Black community attempt to enter a night club which has an unofficial policy of not allowing Blacks to enter. The clubs security force which is headed by Keith, Donnie and other members of the White community, refuse entry to the Black would be party goers. A fight at the club's entrance ensues with gunfire breaking out and a car being lit on fire (the scene is to resemble the Halifax race riot in 1991 in which over 150 Black and White clashed outside a downtown Halifax bar, after Black men were continually being denied entry in local bar establishments due to their race). Looking for further retribution Keith's crew burned down the Black community church. Members of Ossie's crew then kidnap and savagely beat Keith to death, leaving him at the same location where the beating of Charles took place years earlier. Donnie then goes to the Halifax Black Baptist Church during Sunday congregation to kill the culprits, but then leaves the church, instead deciding to turn in the suspects. Days before the fight Donnie and George meet at the same place where both their loved ones suffered brutal attacks, and they share a deep moment that put the film in perspective. George explains that he has a resenting hate in heart from all his years of struggle, and tells Donnie that he has the same hate in his heart and he must let it go. It is then that it was revealed that it was, in fact Keith that brutally beat Charles, and that he only confessed because he was a minor and would have served less time than his brother.
On fight night Donnie enters the ring to a chorus of boos from the crowd. The fight goes back and forth between both fighters landing decisive blows. With George and his family in attendance, Charles suffers an 'episode' and climbs in the ring, causing an already agitated crowd to throw chairs and enter the ring themselves. A riot breaks out in which both Ossie and Donnie fight off crazed fight fans. The fight is subsequently forfeited and Donnie hangs up his gloves to symbolize the giving up of his hate.