Shaapit

The film opens with Aman (Aditya Narayan) seemingly lifeless, narrating how he and his sweetheart Kaya are doomed to perish together. He remembers happier times, when he met and courted and finally proposed to Kaya. No sooner than he had proposed, they had met with a sudden car accident. They are miraculously unhurt saved with few minor injuries. But when Kaya's parents realise Aman had proposed to her, they become sad and grave, and Kaya's mother earnestly persuades her father to tell them the truth.
Kaya's mother reveals the curse upon their family. Kaya's father is a descendant of an ancient royal family. Some 300 years ago, the brother of the late king RANA Ranjit Singh had attempted to molest a beautiful girl in the palace. The girl escaped and jumped to her death. It turned out that the girl was the daughter of the royal guru, "Acharya Sachidanand", and that the girl was about to be wed. The acharya, a wise and powerful spiritual master, was enraged beyond belief. He pronounced a terrible curse upon Ranjit Singh: no daughter in Ranjit Singh's line shall ever enjoy marriage; if they ever attempt to marry or become engaged, they will immediately meet with death.
Aman and Kaya are devastated.They reach out to professor Pashupati, an expert in the occult. The professor explains that generational curses (such as the one upon Kaya are typically connected with an evil spirit. This spirit is the keeper of the curse, and it executes the curse (by taking the lives of the victims). Aman recollects that the evil spirit had caused their car accident. Aman suggested to destroy the spirit. The bemused professor laughs this off and urges Aman to forget Kaya and move on. Aman and his friend Shubh are disappointed.
Aman is persistent. He looks up some of the professors work and retrieves (in a dangerous chase with an evil spirit) a "cursed" book from the library. Convinced that Aman is determined and capable, the professor agrees to help them.Their first stop is an abandoned cinema. The professor explains that it is haunted by several spirits, and some of the noble spirits may be able to help them locate the evil curse-keeper. Aman and Kaya enter the theatre. They are surrounded by spirits, and one of them splatters a few drops of blood on Kaya's wrists. The professor interprets: the drops are the co-ordinates of the ancient kingdom of Magha, present day Mahipalpur.
They arrive at Mahipalpur and settle into the decrepit government guest house. The evil spirit is relentless. It attacks Kaya and tries to bury her alive. They save her just in time, but she goes into hypoxic shock. The professor describes a water-immersion method to send Shubh back in time. Shubh is again attacked by the spirit, but this time he returns with an amulet. The amulet reveals the clue that leads them to Rani Mohini, the evil spirit, the keeper of the curse.
Aided by the curator of the 300-year-old Magha jail, the professor performs a seance to invoke the spirit of Ranjit Singh. This spirit reveals the sinister history of the royal family. Rani Mohini was never satisfied with her station as the second wife of Raja Gajsingh. She was also a sorceress. She plotted to assassinate the King and his two sons, Rana Ranjeet Singh and Kuljeet. Her assassins killed Raja Gajsingh, but were ultimately defeated and killed by the royal guard. Ranjit Singh ascended the throne, and, upon learning of Rani Mohini's dark powers, promptly arranged to execute her. Rani Mohini, however, created a black charm (locked in an amulet) to keep her soul on earth. Upon her execution, her soul became the keeper of the curse (by Acharya Sachidanand) and would torment Ranjit Singh's family forever.
Kaya's conditions worsens. She is wheeled into surgery. The professor and Aman and Shubh hurry into the River Palace to confront the evil spirit of Rani Mohini. They connect the clues from the amulet and from Ranjit Singh, and deduce that the spirit of Mohini can be despatched to the nether world when her mortal remains (ashes) are dissolved. Aman & Shubh start searching the ashes with professor's help. They then stumble upon a portrait statue wherein they find 8 earthen pots instead of seven. Shubh & Aman conclude that the ashes are hidden over there. They retrieve the pot but Mohini's spirit kills the professor brutally and chases them to destroy their efforts. After a difficult and lengthy battle with the spirit, Aman floods the River Palace. He nearly drowns (and cuts back to the initial frame), but Shubh saves him just in time. The film ends with Aman narrating how the power of love can overcome any obstacle. At the end of the movie, they got married and blessed with a baby girl.