Inseminoid

On a desolate planet, a team of 12 Xeno project scientists are conducting an archaeological excavation of the ruins of an ancient civilisation. Shortly after an underground tomb network is found to contain crystals and wall inscriptions, photographer Dean White (Dominic Jephcott) is engulfed in a rock blast and left incapacitated. Deciphering the alien language in the caves, xenolinguist Mitch (Trevor Thomas) theorises that the civilisation was built on the concept of dualism: the planet orbits a binary star, and a pair of twins seems to have ruled the race that once inhabited it. Medical assistant Sharon (Heather Wright) discovers that an energy field surrounds the crystals, which causes her to deduce that a "chemical intelligence" controlled life on the planet.
A mentally unbalanced Ricky Williams (David Baxt) is driven to re-enter the caves when a sample of crystals pulsates and the chemical intelligence exerts its influence through a mark on his arm. Thrown into a grille in a compromised environmental suit, Gail (Rosalind Lloyd) removes her helmet and freezes to death in the toxic atmosphere while trying to amputate her trapped foot with a chainsaw. Documentation officer Kate Frost (Stephanie Beacham) shoots Ricky with a harpoon gun before he opens both the inner and outer airlock doors and renders the air inside the base unbreathable.
Following the burial of Ricky and Gail, Mitch and Sandy (Judy Geeson) return to the caves to collect more crystals. A monstrous creature appears and dismembers Mitch before raping Sandy. Found distraught, Sandy receives treatment from Sharon and chief medical officer Karl (Barry Houghton), who discovers that the assault has triggered an accelerated pregnancy despite the regular intravenous injections of contraceptives given to the women in the team. When further explosions within the catacombs scupper chances of deeper investigation, the surviving members of the team are left with nothing to do but await the arrival of a Xeno rescue shuttle.
The intelligence assumes control of Sandy, who has been marked in the same way as Ricky. She stabs Barbra (Victoria Tennant) to death with a pair of scissors, demonstrating superhuman strength while committing the murder, and then mutilates Dean and the remains of Mitch, drinking their blood. The rest of the team seek refuge in the Operations Room as Sandy destroys essential machinery – including the base transmitter – with explosives. When the imbalance in Sandy's mind appears to correct itself, Karl, Sharon and Commander Holly McKay (Jennifer Ashley) attempt to sedate her to spare the unborn children. Sandy's madness returns and Holly and Karl are killed in an accident with heat-sealing apparatus, whereupon Sandy disembowels the corpses.
Senior officer Mark (Robin Clarke) radios Sandy – his romantic interest – from the Operations Room to stall for time as Kate and operations chief Gary (Steven Grives) depart to requisition chainsaws from a storage room. The ruse is uncovered and Sandy harpoons Gary outside the airlock, breathing the atmosphere to no ill effect as she mauls his flesh. Preparing for a final confrontation, Mark stumbles across Sandy's newborn, mutant twins. He entrusts them to Sharon as the mother blasts through the Operations Room door and destroys all the equipment inside, although it is evident that she no longer possesses unnatural strength. Crippled by an explosive charge, Kate is gored to death. In a last stand, Mark strangles and kills Sandy with a ripped-out cable. He returns to Sharon to discover one of the twins biting at her slit neck, before its sibling launches itself at him.
Twenty-eight days later, Xeno Auxiliary Module 047 lands on the planet to investigate the loss of contact with the team. With the base in ruins, the mission records destroyed and the scientists either murdered or missing, combat marksmen Corin (Kevin O'Shea) and Roy (Robert Pugh) abandon the search for survivors and pilot Jeff (John Segal) contacts Xeno control to request clearance to return. The final shots reveal that Sandy's children have stowed themselves away inside a storage compartment on board the shuttle.