Blue Fire Lady

Jenny Grey is a young girl who wants to be a competitive show rider but her father Alan doesn't approve, because his wife was killed in a riding accident. Jenny rides when she can and helps her neighbours deliver a foal. Alan sends Jenny off to boarding school in Melbourne to forget the idea but she rides whenever she can. When Jenny turns 18 she gets a job as a stable hand at Caulfield racetrack with the trainer Mr McIntyre and takes a room in a boarding house run by the caring Mrs Gianini, who also rents a room to Barry, a university student and mechanic. Jenny loves her job but frowns upon Mr McIntyre's seemingly uncaring treatment of his horses, namely when he works and races a horse with a sore leg, and sends the old stable dog to be put down. Jenny adopts the dog, whom Mrs G nicknames "Mr Dog", and soon a new horse arrives at the stables, a chestnut filly with a big blaze. The filly is the foal Jenny helped birth and has been given the name Blue Fire Lady. Lady is vicious toward the other stablehands but loves Jenny, who kindly begins to train her for the races as her rider and strapper. Meanwhile, she develops a romance with Barry, her house-mate.
Blue Fire Lady's first race is a disaster for Jenny. She asked the jockey to treat her kindly, but Mr McIntyre - who doesn't believe the filly has any potential - tells him to whip her hard. Blue Fire Lady wins but is traumatized and hurt from the race. Jenny quits her job and later finds out from her old stable colleague that Lady is too hard to handle and will be sent to auction. Jenny tries to bid at the auction for $100 but is outbid by a man from the slaughter yards who wants horses for dog food. Barry, unbeknownst to Jenny, drives out to see her estranged father and begs him to see how much Jenny loves horses.
At the auction Jenny is heartbroken when the dog food man wins Lady and cries by the stables. Barry comes in to find her and comfort her, and urges her to come outside. Confused, Jenny follows him, only to see her father handing a check to the dog man and Lady being loaded into a horse trailer. Her father smiles and hugs Jenny close, telling her he has bought Lady for her and he is sorry for not seeing her passion is for horses.
The film ends with a clip of Jenny and Blue Fire Lady competing in a show-jumping round and her proud father and Barry watching on as she wins and accepts her trophy.