Avalokitesvara

The film is set in China during the reign of Emperor Wuzong of the Tang dynasty. Prince Li Yi, a relative of the emperor, has been sickly since childhood. His mother, Lady Zheng, commissions Yu Xiufeng, a craftsman from Mount Meicen (Mount Putuo), to create a porcelain figurine of Avalokiteśvara (Guanyin) so that she can pray to the bodhisattva to bless her son with good health. On the day the figurine is completed, Yu Xiufeng and his grandson, Haisheng, discover a baby girl in a lotus pond. Yu Xiufeng adopts the baby girl as his granddaughter and names her "Lianmei" ("Lotus Sister"). The figurine is taken to Mount Wutai and enshrined in a Buddhist temple there.
In 845 CE, Emperor Wuzong orders the Great Anti-Buddhist Persecution because he thinks that Buddhism is corrupting the masses. He also senses that Li Yi will become a threat to him, so he sends General Yuchi to assassinate the prince. At the same time, Reverend Wuchen asks Yu Xiufeng to collect the figurine from Mount Wutai and hide it at Mount Meicen. During the journey, Yu Xiufeng and his grandchildren meet Hui'e, a Japanese Buddhist monk sent by Empress Tachibana to find and bring the figurine to Japan. As Lady Zheng had secretly tasked General Yuchi's deputy, General Sima, with protecting her son, General Sima saves Li Yi when General Yuchi is about to kill him. General Sima defeats General Yuchi in a duel and wants to finish him off, but Lianmei stops him and asks him to spare General Yuchi. Li Yi and General Sima accompany Yu Xiufeng, Lianmei and Haisheng as they bring the figurine back to Mount Meicen. Hui'e finds out later and makes his way to Mount Meicen too.
General Yuchi tracks down Li Yi with the help of Governor Song, the governor of Mingzhou (modern Ningbo). To buy time for Li Yi and General Sima to escape, Lianmei and Haisheng disguise themselves to divert the pursuers' attention elsewhere, while Yu Xiufeng stays behind to distract Governor Song. The governor kills Yu Xiufeng when the latter refuses to reveal Li Yi's whereabouts, while General Yuchi goes after Lianmei and Haisheng – only to find out that he has been tricked. In the meantime, Hui'e finds the figurine and tries to sneak away with it. When Haisheng and Lianmei return home, they are horrified to see their grandfather dead. Haisheng sees Hui'e fleeing and immediately suspects that Hui'e killed his grandfather and stole the figurine, so he chases Hui'e, catches up with him, and starts beating him. Lianmei stops Haisheng and tells him she believes Hui'e when he claims he is innocent. However, she refuses to let Hui'e take the figurine with him. Hui'e feels so ashamed of himself that he gives up and returns to Japan.
Lianmei and Haisheng are captured later at a roadblock in Mingzhou by Governor Song, who seizes the figurine from them. The governor then tries to bribe General Yuchi to help him cover up for his failure to hunt down Li Yi, but General Yuchi refuses and accuses him of corruption. Meanwhile, Haisheng escapes from the prison and drags Lianmei along with him. General Yuchi is furious when he learns of their escape and orders the other prisoners to be executed. However, Lianmei succeeds in convincing Haisheng to go back to the prison with her because she knows what would happen if they escaped. General Yuchi is so impressed by Lianmei's act of sacrifice that he spares the prisoners.
General Yuchi sets a trap to lure Li Yi out of hiding. He announces that Lianmei and Haisheng will be executed for helping a fugitive escape, and predicts that Li Yi will come to save them. As expected, Li Yi appears and turns himself in to General Yuchi in exchange for Lianmei and Haisheng's release. However, General Sima also shows up and fights with General Yuchi and his soldiers to save Li Yi. Just then, a messenger arrives with an imperial edict announcing that Emperor Wuzong is dead and that Li Yi will succeed him. General Yuchi commits suicide in shame for failing to complete his mission. Li Yi returns to the palace for his coronation, while Lianmei and Haisheng bring the figurine back to Mount Wutai.
Hui'e travels to China again later to ask for the figurine. Reverend Wuchen initially rejects his request. However, Hui'e eventually manages to convince everyone of his sincerity by kneeling outside the temple for several days, so Reverend Wuchen allows him to bring the figurine to Japan. When Hui'e's ship sails past Mount Meicen, Lianmei rows towards the ship on a raft because she cannot bear to see the figurine leave. A fierce storm suddenly breaks out and causes the figurine to be cast overboard. When the storm has subsided, Hui'e is deeply saddened to learn that Lianmei and the figurine are lost at sea. Just then, lotuses appear all over the water surface. Hui'e sees a vision of Lianmei as Avalokiteśvara on Mount Meicen, and realises that he is not destined to bring the figurine back to Japan. However, he can bring back the virtues embodied by the bodhisattva – such as compassion and mercy – and impart them to his people.