Scream... and Die!

London fashion model Valerie Jennings travels into the countryside with her photographer boyfriend, Terry, who is searching for an abandoned house; he intends to find something there, but does not tell her what it is. They discover the house at nightfall, and while exploring it, Valerie discovers numerous women's passports in a bedroom. Another couple—a woman and an unseen man—enter the house. Panicked, Valerie and Terry hide in a closet. They watch as the woman is brutally murdered with a switchblade. While the killer washes his hands in the bathroom, Valerie flees, unaware that Terry is not following behind her. When she finds the keys to their car missing, she runs into the woods and the killer chases her into an abandoned wrecking yard where she manages to evade him by hiding inside a car.
The next day, Valerie reaches a road and hitchhikes back to London. She enters her apartment, and while standing at the kitchen window, sees Terry's car parked on the street. She finds it unlocked, and inside discovers her modeling portfolio with a photo missing. Perplexed, she goes to Terry's apartment but finds he has not returned home. Panicked, Valerie visits her friend Mike and his girlfriend, Stella, who urge her not to go to the police, fearing she will implicate herself in Terry's burglary. Later at a modeling shoot, Mike introduces Valerie to his friend Paul, a young and shy artist who makes masks for a living. Paul invites Valerie over for dinner, but they are joined by his domineering Aunt Susanna. After Valerie leaves, Paul and Susanna have sex.
Still concerned over Terry's absence, Valerie agrees to bring Mike and Stella to the house. She leads them to the wrecking yard, where they inexplicably find Terry's ravaged car. Despite their efforts, they are unable to find the house. Back in her apartment building, Valerie becomes unnerved by the presence of Mr. Hornby, an eccentric new neighbor who moves in below her, and who keeps pigeons in his home. She is relieved when her flatmate Lorna, also a model, returns from a job out of town. One night while Valerie is out with friends, an intruder breaks into the apartment and murders Lorna after raping her.
Unsettled by Lorna's murder, Valerie is invited to go out of town with Paul, to which she agrees. He takes her to a remote manor house owned by his family. While there, he confesses to her that his father committed suicide in the home. At night, Valerie hears noises coming from upstairs, but Paul assures her no one is there. She goes to investigate, and notices a taxidermy animal identical to one she saw in the house she entered with Terry; she realizes she is in the same house as before. In the bedroom upstairs, she discovers a blood-stained bed. Hearing someone come up the stairs, she again hides in the closet, and sees Susanna enter the room, calling for Paul and chastising him. In the closet, she discovers the bodies of Terry and Stella. Valerie flees downstairs where she is attacked by Paul. Susanna encourages him to kill Valerie, but her turns on her, stabbing her to death. Valerie runs outside, where she is met by police. Inside, Paul sits in the hallway in silence.