Blindness

A young Japanese professional is struck blind in his car at a crossing and is then approached by a few people, one offers to drive him home and steals his car. The blinded man describes his sudden affliction as an expanse of dazzling white. Upon arriving home and noticing her husband's blindness, the man's wife takes him to a local ophthalmologist who, after testing the man's eyes, can identify nothing wrong and recommends further evaluation at a hospital. Among the doctor's patients are an old man with a black eye-patch, a woman with dark glasses, and a young boy. During a dinner with his wife, the doctor discusses the strange case. The woman with dark glasses, revealed to be a call-girl, becomes the third victim of the strange blindness after an appointment with a john in a hotel.
The next day, the doctor goes blind as well. Around the city, more citizens are struck blind, causing widespread panic, and the government organizes a quarantine for the blind in a derelict asylum. When a hazmat crew arrives to pick up the doctor, his wife climbs into the van, lying that she has gone blind in order to accompany him.
In the asylum, the doctor and his wife are first to arrive and both agree they will keep her sight a secret. Several others arrive: the woman with dark glasses, the Japanese man, the car thief, and the young boy. The wife comes across the old man with the eye-patch, who describes the condition of the world outside. The sudden blindness, known as the "white sickness", is now international, with hundreds of cases reported every day. The increasingly totalitarian government resorts to increasingly ruthless measures to try to staunch the epidemic, refusing the sick aid or medicines.
As more blind people are crammed into the prison, overcrowding and lack of outside support causes hygiene and living conditions to degrade. Soon, the walls and floors are caked in filth and human feces. Anxiety over the availability of food undermines the morale and the lack of organization prevents the fair distribution of food. The soldiers who guard the asylum become hostile.
Living conditions degenerate further when a clique of ward-3 men, armed with one handgun held by an ex-barman who declares himself the king of ward, gains control over the food deliveries. The MRE rations are distributed only in exchange for the other wards' valuables, and then for sex with the women of the other wards. When one of the women is beaten to death by the man having the coerced sex with her, the doctor's wife has had enough and soon kills the king with scissors to the neck. His death initiates a chaotic war confrontation between the wards, which culminates with ward-3 and then most of the building being burned down and some inmates dying in the fire. The survivors discover that the guards have abandoned their posts and they are free to venture into the city.
Society has degenerated as the entire population is blind amid a city devastated and overrun with filth and dead bodies. The doctor's wife leads her husband and others from her ward in search of food and shelter. The doctor and his wife arrive in a supermarket filled with stumbling blind people and they find food in a basement storeroom. As she prepares to leave and meet her husband outside, she is attacked by the starving people who smell the food she is carrying. Her husband, now used to his blindness, saves her and they manage to return to their friends.
The doctor and his wife with their new "family" make their way back to the doctor's house, where they establish a mutually supportive permanent home. The next day, just as suddenly as his sight had been lost, the Japanese man recovers his sight. As the friends all celebrate, the doctor's wife stands out on the porch, staring up into a white overcast sky and seems to be going blind until the camera shifts downwards, revealing that she sees the cityscape.