Lai Bhaari

Pratap Singh Nimbalkar (Uday Tikekar) and his wife Sumitra Devi (Tanvi Azmi) are known for their social work like helping poor farmers by giving them land and shelter. Even though they are blessed by everyone, Sumitra Devi is insulted for not having a child even though she has been married for 9 years. Her maid suggests her to pray to Lord Vithoba (generally known as Vitthala by most common people of Maharashtra) in Pandharpur, a holy place in Maharashtra. Out of eagerness, Sumitra Devi promises to give her first son to Lord Vitthala.
As fate would have it, she gets pregnant soon and confirms the good news to Pratap Singh. But when she tells him that she has promised Lord Vithhala to give him her first child, Pratap Singh, who is modern in thought, says all this is ridiculous and flies off to London. When the baby is born, and Sumitra Devi calls up Pratap Singh and tells him that she is now convinced of keeping the baby. He comes back as soon as possible and names the baby Abhay Singh, or Prince, as a nickname.
25 years later, Prince (Riteish Deshmukh) comes back home after studying abroad. On the other hand, there is Prince's paternal cousin Sangram (Sharad Kelkar) is a crooked guy, who is trying to take all farms from the farmers by torturing them. On hearing this, Pratap Singh warns him for doing so. A few days later, Pratap Singh is killed and it is implied that Sangram was behind his death.
Seeing Prince as the only obstacle left in his plan of owning all the farms in the village,He hires Nandini(Aaditi Pohankar)scretary of Pratap Singh to cheat Prince.In her love Prince signs the property papers.And Sangram starts harassing the people.When Prince asks him that he was warned then Sangram shows the papers Prince claim them artificial and was going to the collector Sangram subsequently kills Prince by crashing truck to Prince's car and takes over all the property that belonged to Pratap Singh. Seeing no way left, Sumitra Devi goes to Pandharpur and angrily prays to Lord Vitthala to give back her son. Right outside the temple, Mauli (Riteish Deshmukh), a lookalike of Prince, beats up some goons who were eve teasing.
In a surprising twist, it is revealed that 25 years ago, Sumitra Devi had given birth to twins, one of which she gave to Lord Vitthala. And this son is none other than Mauli, a rowdy, as opposed to the gentleman Prince. How Mauli takes revenge from Sangram forms the crux of the story.