PriPara the Movie: Everyone Shine! Kirarin Star Live

When the right time comes, every girl will find that a mysterious PriTicket has been delivered to them, granting them entrance to the world of PriPara, where up and coming idols perform and partake in auditions. Unfortunately, in Paprika Private Academy, PriPara activity is prohibited for elementary schoolers. But an unexpected chance comes to fifth grader Laala Manaka when she finds a lost PriTicket bag belonging to an idol named Mirei, leading her to the PriPara world where she makes her idol debut with Mirei. It is also revealed that Laala possesses something known as the 'Legendary Prism Voice'.
In PriPara, Laala forms a unit called "SoLaMi Smile" with Mirei Minami, a pop idol and Paprika Academy's Head Disciplinary, Sophy Hojo, a major class idol who is born with a physically weak body and relies on pickled plums for energy, and is managed by Kuma. SoLaMi Smile faces rivalry with "Dressing Pafé" which consists of Sion Todo, a world-renowned "Go" player, Dorothy and Leona West, a Canadian-Japanese pair of fraternal twins, and is managed by Usagi. To gain the legendary Paradise Coord, both teams merge to become "SoLaMi Dressing".
Laala also encounters Falulu, a robotic 'vocal doll' who was born from a PriTicket made with the desire of many girls around the world who want to go to PriPara. SoLaMi Dressing competed against Falulu for the Paradise Coord. After SoLaMi Dressing won, Laala exchanged PriTickets with Falulu, but it resulted in Falulu falling into a coma. After performing a concert in their Paradise Coords, SoLaMi Dressing revives Falulu, who has gained a more human attitude losing her robot-like voice and can trade PriTickets. After her revival, Falulu leaves Parajuku to go to PriPari in France. At the end of the first season, SoLaMi Dressing returns to PriPara learning that their groups have disbanded.
In the 2nd season, in the PriPara amusement park, a new zone called Dream Theater has opened and a new event called the PriPara Dream Parade is held. All of the idols compete in each of the four seasonal Dream Idol Grand Prix in dream teams, a team of five idols. Each dream team competes to receive a Dream Parade Coord, which is said to shine brighter than the Paradise Coord.
While reforming SoLaMi Smile and Dressing Pafé, the six idols encounter two girls named Mikan Shiratama and Aroma Kurosu who form an Angel-Devil act called "Aromageddon". The duet interferes with the two groups in order to form a dream team with them, but they slowly become friends with them.
Another girl named Fuwari Midorikaze is sent to Parajuku from The Palps in EuroPara to join PriPara by the mysterious Hibiki Shikyoin. While making friends at Parajuki, Fuwari forms a dream team with Laala and Dressing Pafe named "Dressing Flower" and win the Summer Dream Idol Grand Prix, but their Summer Dream Idol Coords are later taken away by the Masked Genius.
Another idol named Ajimi Kiki from EuroPara debuts in PriPara, but she is later revealed to be Paprika Academy's art teacher despite her young appearance. She was friends with Cosmo when they were studying at PriPari, and both of them form a dream team with PriPara Police, a group consisting of Laala, Dorothy, and Mikan that raised while the Masked Genius is still on the loose. This dream team wins the Autumn Dream Idol Grand Prix, but their Autumn Dream Idol Coords are taken by the Masked Genius, causing an idol unit PriPara Police to be formed, with Laala, Mikan and Dorothy in it.
The Masked Genius is later revealed to be Hibiki Shikyoin, who later performs a concert and establishes a rivalry with Meganii Akai as well as reveal her identity as a female. After Hibiki and her dream team consisting of a returning Falulu, Sion, Sophy, and Mikan win the Winter Prix, Meganii is forced to give Hibiki her glasses, giving Hibiki power over PriPara and ceases it to become CelePara. She enforces a law that requires only idols who obtain "Golden Airy" can perform. This provokes the rest of the girls to form an underground PriPara in an old theater. While that happens and the idols are trying to achieve Golden Airy, the mini-vocal doll Garuru emerges to become an idol. Garuru eventually joins Aromageddon, which is renamed Gamageddon.
During the Spring Dream Idol Grand Prix, a dream team consisting of Laala, Dorothy, Mirei, Mikan, and Aroma called "FriendAll" wins and restores PriPara. During this process, a tension between Ajimi and Hibiki and Hibiki's intention of becoming a vocal doll is revealed. After the restoration of PriPara and the Dream Parade, Hibiki, Fuwari, and Falulu return to PriPari.
In the 3rd season, the Divine Idol Grand Prix is held to find the next Divine Idol. Every idol is received a jewel which upgrades their microphones. In addition, every idol hopes to compete in the Divine Idol Challenge so they can obtain a Super Cyalume Coord from their brand. Idols with a Super Cyalume Coord can compete in the Divine Idol Grand Prix to obtain a part of the Kami (Divine Idol) Coord.
During the unveiling of the Divine Idol Grand Prix, Meganii realizes that the divine idol known as Jewlie is missing. After giving a tour to debut idol Chiri Tsukikawa, Laala encounter a baby named Jewlulu who declares her as her mother. Laala secretly raises Jewlulu with her sister Non. Meanwhile, a new unit called "Triangle" managed by Usacha, Usagi's little sister, emerges consisting of Junon, Pinon, and Kanon who all obtain a high idol ranking in their separate debuts and causes tension between Laala and her friends. While SoLaMi Smile performs at a concert, Jewlie appears to give the Divine Idol Challenge and her Super Cyalume Coord. Laala later reveals Jewlulu to her friends, and Meganii then tells her that the baby is actually Jewlie. The idols are tasked to raise Jewlulu in order to obtain their Super Cyalume Coords.
At the end of the first Divine Idol Grand Prix where SoLaMi Smile and Dressing Pafe obtain a part of the Divine Idol Coord, Triangle is forced to reveal their secret after a malfunction with the Pinon and Junon holograms. Kanon is forced to reveal her identity as Non, and Laala is happy to know that she can go to PriPara with her little sister, yet Non is annoyed because she is trying to beat her sister. Non obtains a new form when she enters PriPara which she says is more her style.
During the second Divine Idol Grand Prix, Garuru fakes going into a coma TomoTickets with Aroma and Mikan to become an official unit, making Unicorn angry. Gamageddon wins the event and obtains the second piece of the Divine Idol Coord. Afterwards, Fuwari, Falulu, and Hibiki return to PriPara to compete in the next Prix as a unit called "Tricolore". Fuwari and Falulu obtain their Super Cyalume Coords in their own concerts with Hibiki, but Hibiki becomes annoyed with Jewlulu after bonding attempts and concerts. Hibiki eventually manages to bond with Jewlulu and is finally able to form "Tricolore" with Fuwari and Falulu before winning the third Divine Idol Grand Prix.
During a mission to save the PriPara of Sapannah, a girl named Pepper Taiyou appears, who subsequently comes to Parajuku. Chiri Tsukikawa is also revealed to have become a celebrity idol. Usacha believes that these two idols will help her and Non form a unit equal to Triangle in skill and surpass Laala and the others. Jewlie also makes her idol debut and her sister Janice appears. Janice reveals she wishes to take over control of the Grand Prix from Jewlie, believing her sister is not able to manage it properly. Meanwhile, Non, Pepper and Chiri begin to grow closer as a group and form NonSugar, which goes on to win the fourth Divine Idol grand Prix.
A fifth Grand Prix is held for the losing idols to get a second chance at entering the Grand Prix, which is won by Ucchari Big-Bangs, an idol unit consisting of Ajimi, Cosmo and Chanko. Janice attempts to take control of the Grand Prix by taking the Cyalume Baton from Jewlie, only for Jewlie to reveal the truth that she plans to hand control over to her sister at the end of the competition. Jewlie reveals that once the competition ends she will disappear, leaving Laala and Janice distraught.
As the competition to decide the new Divine Idols begins, the six finalist teams are divided up into groups to compete against each other for the top spot. Meganii also reveals a new Divine Idol Coord that will be awarded to the winner and Laala and her friends vow to find a way to save Jewlie. SoLaMi Smile wins the finals and are awarded the Divine Tiara, making them Divine Idols, but Jewlie and Janice get sucked into the system just as Jewlie is about to be erased.
In the end, SoLaMi Smile performs and repairs the system and Jewlie and Janice are rescued, but Jewlie then disappears due to the emotional bond between her and Laala and also the repaired system, but not before revealing she will be reborn as a new goddess and leaving Janice in charge until then.