Ulavacharu Biryani

Kalidasa (Prakash Rai) works in the state archaeological department and is a food lover, he is 45 years old and remains unmarried. His only companion is his cook, Krishna (Thambi Ramaiah). Naveen (Tejus) is Kalidasa's nephew who comes to stay with him while looking for a job. Kalidasan has a normal life until he gets a misdialed phone call from Gowri (Sneha), a dubbing artiste living with her friend Meghana (Samyukta Hornad). Gowri rings to order a Dosa from a restaurant, but gets Kalidasan instead. Their conversations do not go well at first, but a long-distance romance develops due to their common interest—cooking and food. Kalidasan is a born gourmet while Gowri is indulging in culinary activities in memory of her dead mother. Kalidasa starts to let Gowri into the secrets of baking with a multi-layered cake called "Joan's Rainbow".
Kalidasa and Gowri both get the jitters before their first face-to-face meeting, as each becomes conscious of their own physical appearances, and both decide to send younger and better looking substitutes instead, Naveen and Meghana. When they meet, neither Naveen nor Meghana realises that the other person is a substitute, since they introduce themselves as Kalidasa and Gowri respectively. Naveen thinks that Kalidasa is actually in love with Meghana while Meghana thinks that Gowri is in love with Naveen. They attempt to sabotage their older counterpart's relationship by telling Kalidasa and Gowri respectively that the person they met would be unsuitable for them due to huge age difference and personality type. Kalidasa and Gowri try to forget each other and end up feeling sad for a long duration of the movie. Finally, Kalidas gives in to his loneliness and calls up Gowri and they both decide to meet face to face. Both of them decide to meet each other honestly to get it over with. Naveen and Meghana, who by this time had started to develop feelings for each other, are confused worried upon hearing this as they are afraid their true identity will be revealed to the other person. Naveen finally admits to Meghana that he is not the real Kalidasa and Meghana too explains her side of the story. They both realise the confusion and call Kalidasa to apologise and narrate all the incidents unknown to them. Kalidasan and Gowri finally meet each other at the planned museum and their relationship begins.