Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam

Nandini (Aishwarya Rai) is the daughter of Pundit Darbar (Vikram Gokhale), a renowned proponent of Indian classical music. It is announced that a young man named Sameer (Salman Khan) will be arriving to stay with the Darbar family, as he wants to grasp the intricacies of Indian classical music under the guidance of the Pundit. He is accommodated in Nandini's room, causing her to take a dislike to Sameer. At first the two tease and prank one another, but soon enough they fall deeply in love. The two spend romantic moments during several family events, including weddings and festivals.
One day, the pair are caught rehearsing their wedding vows by the Pundit and he is enraged since he has already planned Nandini's wedding with Vanraj (Ajay Devgn), who had fallen in love with her during her cousin Anu's (Sheeba Chaddha) wedding. Sameer is banished from the household and the Pundit quits singing since he believes Nandini has brought shame to the family. Sameer is asked never to meet Nandini again. Although he eventually leaves for Italy, he writes letters to Nandini asking her to join him, but his letters do not reach her. After a futile suicide attempt, Nandini reluctantly weds Vanraj. He tries to consummate their marriage on their wedding night, but Nandini is disgusted by his approach and acts coldly towards him. He asks her for an explanation but she chooses to remain silent.
Nandini finally receives Sameer's letters and Vanraj walks in on her reading them. He is enraged and initially decides to return her to her parents, but soon realizes that since she is in love with another man, the right thing to do would be to unite the pair. Vanraj seeks his parents' consent, which they give after disagreeing at first. Nandini and Vanraj arrive in Italy but come up against dead ends searching for Sameer. During their search, they are mobbed and Nandini is shot in the arm. Moved by Vanraj's gentleness and affection towards her, Nandini begins to warm up to him. Eventually they are able to locate Sameer through his mother (Helen), and Vanraj dutifully arranges for their meeting on the night of Sameer's debut concert. He then bids goodbye to Nandini and walks away heartbroken.
Upon meeting Sameer, she apologises to him and tells him that she has come to love Vanraj. She reflects on the unwavering love and devotion that Vanraj has showered upon her throughout their relationship, and realises that Vanraj is her true soul mate. She runs back to him and he tells her that he cannot live without her. Vanraj adorns a mangala sutra around her neck and they embrace each other with fireworks in the background.