Crayon Shin-chan: The Storm Called The Jungle

Shin-chan and his parents including Shiro along with his friends and families go on a cruise to for several days to meet Action Mask (the actor). But a group of monkeys raid the ship and all the middle aged men and women who boarded the ship above 18 years are taken to an island at night.
The movie starts when Lollipop (Action Mask's mate) was going to be killed by one man who is Action Mask's rival. But Action Mask comes and attacks the man, but the man was so omnipotent that Action Mask fell on the ground unconscious. And Lollipop was being killed by being tied to the rope and releasing her down on the fire below (in fact she was already tied even before Action Mask came). But unfortunately it becomes a suspense as it shows till that much, which disappoints Shin-chan. He was watching that part on TV. And on the TV it also came that if they wanted to watch the whole movie, they have to go on a cruise. So Shin-chan wanted to ask his mom. This was the first part.
The second part is when Shin-chan was on ship lying down along with his friends Kazama, Masao, Nene and Bo-chan (apparently Suzuki) on a Swimming chair whereas their parents are sitting on their respective seats chatting about how did Bo-chan's mother sent him alone on the cruise. Not only that but also Shin-chan's father was lying on the seat where Misae argues with him for some reason and Hiroshi grumbles that he has asked for a leave not for arguing. Himawari was with them too. Shin-chan says "Everyone might be missing me!" whereas in the Kasukabe city, all the people who knew Shin-chan were happy, that Shin-chan isn't there.
In the evening, all the people were waiting for the helicopter where Action Mask was coming. When he came, the movie in the ship was starting. Everyone excluding the parents came in the theatre, which was in the ship itself. All the children loved Action Mask so some of them wanted to sit beside him. When the movie started, they showed the same part which was airing on TV. On the other hand, all the parents were loitering around the ship. Hiroshi and Misae were looking at the sea where there was an island. Suddenly Hiroshi spots something. A tribe of monkeys were coming in the ship. And suddenly in the movie theatre, the same part which Shin-chan wanted to see expectedly went off again!