Pokkiri Simon

Pokkiri Simon is a fun filled mass entertainer starring Sunny Wayne and Prayaga Martin. Simon (Sunny Wayne), Biju (Jacob Gregory) and Ganesh (Sarath Kumar) are local boys who are bound by their love towards Illayathalapathy Vijay. Though their parents want them to earn a living, they lead a careless life. Arjunan muthalali(Shammi Thilakan) and his brother Indran are criminals who does illegal activities in the city. One day Simon and friends while returning with cutout of Vijay (actor) to be placed in movie theater gets hit by Indran's car breaking the legs of the cutout. In that rage they fight with Indran and gang. Indran is admitted in the hospital and Simon is arrested by SI Satyan(Baiju). Simon is soon released from custody by CI Alex(Dileesh Pothan) who is like a brother for Simon and gang. Simon's father constable Yesudas(Ashokan) gets a pendrive from a fully burnt body while examining it. Some goons comes to Yesudas house to retrieve the pendrive , Simon fights them off. It was Arjunan who sent the goons . Knowing the power of Arjunan,Yesudas returns the pendrive and ask Arjunan to spare his son and friends.
To get in touch with Deepa(Prayaga Martin) Simon takes Ganesh's daughter Janaki to Deepa's dance class. One day Simon drops Janaki in front of her house after class and leaves . Ganesh informs Simon that his daughter is missing. Simon searches for her. He finds out that there is a racket that abducts children and use them for begging . A man from the gang is brought to his house and Simon interogates him in Thuppakki style. Meanwhile Janaki is released by the gang and she is admitted in the hospital. Simon learns Arjunan is behind the racket and some children are used for Organ trade . It is revealed that the burnt body was of doctor Jomon, he had discovered all the illegal activities in Arjunan's hospital and put in the pendrive. They burn him so that no witness exist and the pendrive burns along with him.Biju had taken the copy of the contents in pendrive hoping for Pornographic film. But that pendrive contained details of Arjunan's organ trade and illegal activities in the hospital. Simon and friends with CI Alex and Prof.Seetharaman(Nedumudi Venu) meet Arjunan and his gang in their hideout. There it is revealed that Alex was the partner in crime of Arjunan. Alex intention was to make local support for winning the upcoming election without any expense , so he befriended and supported Thalapathy fans and to enjoy luxury he joined hands with Arjunan. But the man from beggar gang already told Simon about Alex's involvement. The Thalapathy fans fight the villians. Alex , Arjunan and his gang are sent to jail. Alex explains how he ended in jail to his inmates Jude Anthany Joseph and Sudhi Koppa. Simon is shown to have become a police constable still keeping priority for Vijay.