Gundello Godari

The story of the film is loosely based on a novel named ‘Godavari Kathalu’, written by BVS Rama Rao. The film is set in 1986, in Bangarappeta village near Rajahmundry. Malli (Aadhi) and Chitra (Lakshmi Manchu) are a newly-wed couple who are forced to battle it out against a devastating flood of the River Godavari. They lose all hope of survival, and decide to narrate the darkest moments of their lives to each other after they find a support to rest on.
First, Malli narrates his story to Chitra. Malli is an honest fisherman who works under Sambasivayya, a shrewd man at the port. Malli’s ambition is to own a fishing boat for which he strives hard. His encounter with Sarala (Taapsee Pannu), the daughter of Sambasivayya, leads to certain disturbances in his life as Sarala, who lusts after Malli, blackmails him to escort her to a film and if not, she will report their intimacy to her father. Malli escorts her and finally tells that her that he can’t go much further as his life and ambition is getting disturbed due to her. That night, police arrest Malli for preparing illegal ganja. Malli is fired from his job, his mother loses confidence in him. He finds out that Chandra, a fellow fisherman prepared Ganja. Chandra, after being beaten up by Malli, confesses that Sambasivayya has ordered him to do so as he felt that Sarala and Malli are in love. An enraged Malli goes to Sambasivayya’s home to settle the score but finds that he is not in town. Sarala challenges an inebriated Malli as he is walking away after threatening to outrage her modesty by saying, "You seem to have forgotten that you are a man after the beating you got from police due to my dad." Thus Malli makes love to Sarala that night only out of anger on her dad before learning that Sarala is going to marry soon.
Chitra, after patiently listening to his story, starts telling her story. Chitra was found by a couple when she was 4 years old. They took her to their house and Chitra started being friendly with their son Suri. Due to financial problems, Suri’s mother starts an illicit relationship with the town’s doctor in order to gain money, which is misunderstood by Suri. Thus Suri starts hating his mother along with his father, getting much closer to Chitra. Years pass by and Suri (Sundeep Kishan), now a man, is a mason and is extremely fond of cock-fights while Chitra works under Dhorababu (Ravi Babu), a womaniser. One day, Chitra and Suri’s mother go to the doctor’s clinic. There, the doctor misbehaves with Chitra and the ladies leave the clinic, which is seen by Suri. Suri misunderstands that Chitra is also romantically involved with the doctor and starts roaming with Bangari (Suja Varunee) a native of that town, much to the agony of Chitra. Meanwhile, Suri’s mother passes away and Chitra’s marriage is held with an old man. Chitra pleads Suri to annul the marriage and Suri refuses by telling her whathe saw at the doctor’s place. Chitra tells the truth, thus leading a change of Suri’s heart. That night, Dhorababu tries to molest Chitra only to be attacked by Suri. Suri proposes to Chitra but is attacked by his father. Suri attempts to kill his father but instead is injured fatally. Though Chitra reaches the hospital with Suri, she finds that the doctor who was lusting for her is serving there. She offers herself for a night and the doctor goes to treat him. Suri dies of extreme blood loss and Chitra attacks the doctor by pouring hot water on him.
Thus, Malli and Chitra realize their love and wish to live together. But as fate would have it, the support breaks. Malli succeeds in finding a bridge and stands on it. He finds Chitra drifting by and rescues her. Both reach the top of the bridge and are filled with joy that they are alive and together. They throw the ring gifted by Sarala and the chain presented by Dhorababu on their marriage into the flood and start crossing the bridge.