Playing Beatie Bow

Beatrice May "Beatie" Bow, a young Victorian-era girl, is summoned from the past to contemporary 1986 Sydney by children, including 8 year old Natalie, chanting her name. 16 year old Abigail Kirk, whose mother Kathy was looking at rekindling her relationship with her estranged husband, accidentally follows her back to September 1873, in Sydney-Town in the colony of New South Wales. Beatie's family, including Granny and Dovey, believe Abigail is the promised 'Stranger' who will arrive to save 'The Gift' for future generations of Bows. The Gift though comes at great sacrifice as one of the Bow children, either Beatie, the 'poorly' middle brother Gilbert Samuel (Gibbie) or the oldest brother Judah will die at a young age (Gibbie, who spends his time in bed reading "The Good Book", is convinced that he will be the one to die young). Abigail is trapped in the past until she does what she was 'sent' to do, even though she doesn't know what this is. During her sojourn, she falls in love for the first time with Judah (who is promised to marry Dovey) and gains a more mature perspective on her parents' re-forming relationship.
After returning to her own time, Abigail finds that her friends Justine and her daughter, 8 year old Natalie, are descendants of the Bow family and learns the fate of the Bow children. Beatie never married or had children, though she achieved her childhood dream of becoming a scholar and became the long time headmistress of the Fort Street School and died in the 1920s. Gibbie, despite being convinced that he would be the one to die young, married an undertaker's daughter and lived until 1940 when he was 76 and was actually Justine's great grandfather. Abigail had saved Gibbie from a fire that all but destroyed the Bow's home located above Samuel Bow's confectionery shop, which was what she as the 'Stranger' was sent to do thus preserving 'The Gift' for future generations of the Bow family. Judah, who Abigail had fallen in love with, married Dovey and they had a daughter in 1874, though the child died before her first birthday while Dovey passed in 1919. Natalie then tells Abigail that Judah died in a shipwreck just outside of Hobart-Town at the age of 22, thus becoming the great sacrifice. Abigail then meets Justine's younger brother Robert who bears a striking resemblance to Judah and the pair fall in love while Natalie has assumed the Bow family 'gift' allowing her to become a talented piano player.