Coolie No.1

Ranjani (Tabu) is a proud woman, the daughter of Koteswara Rao (Rao Gopal Rao), a multimillionaire in Singapore. Once when she is traveling towards Hyderabad in the train, she stops the train for her fallen lipstick which leads to the death of Parvathamma (dubbing Janaki). Raju (Venkatesh) Coolie No: 1 at Secunderabad Railway Station. Raju and Ranjani always have so many clashes between each other. Rajani calls her father Koteswara Rao from Singapore and both of them implicate Raju in a rape case and send him to jail.
However, Raju is successful in escaping from jail. Due to Raju's threat Koteswara Rao and Ranjani goeto Singapore. Raju also reaches there with the help of Ranjani's mother Gruhalakshmi (Sarada). Raju changes himself as Bharat and showcases himself as a big shot before Ranjani and makes her fall in love with him. Everyone agrees to their marriage, but Buchi Babu (Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao), partner of Koteswara Rao, and his son Gopal (Mohan Babu) who wants to marry Ranjani, find out that he is none other than Coolie No: 1, Raju. After completion of the marriage, Raju reveals the truth. Everyone is shocked, Ranjani is disturbed and she also throws away the holy Hindu wedding chain (Mangalsutram).
After that, everyone goes back to India. Raju arranges their marriage reception in India. To overcome this problem Koteswara Rao contacts a local goon, Ranga Rao (Kota Srinivasa Rao), to stop the reception. He creates a big communal riot in Raju's colony which leads to the death of smany innocent people. In that frustration and anger Raju makes Ranjani pregnant by giving her sedation with Gruhalakshmi's help. She makes all possible attempts to remove the baby, but fails. Finally, she decides to throw away the baby after giving birth.
Meanwhile, Ranga Rao, Buchi Babu and Gopal try to kill Koteswara Rao for his property but Raju protects him which makes him realize. Ranjani gives birth to the baby boy; even then she will not leave her arrogance, and throws away the child. Raju decides to leave her on her fate goes away with the baby, in that anger Gruhalakshmi reveals Ranjani's past that she is not their own daughter, she is a daughter of a railway coolie and the woman who died in the beginning due to her negligence is her own mother. Listening to this Ranjani admits her mistake. At the same time Ranga Rao, Buchi Babu and Gopal beat Raju very badly, kidnap the baby, and blackmail Ranjani for her entire property documents. Ranjani runs towards Raju's help and says sorry to him by falling down on his feet. Finally, Raju protects the baby and eliminates all the baddies. The movie ends with the remarriage of Raju and Ranjani.