Vaseegara

Bhoopathy (Vijay) is a happy-go-lucky person who is very relaxed in life, as shown when he falls asleep in a train and misses his station. He goes to Villivakkam in search of Vishwanathan (Nassar), who is his father Mani's (Manivannan) best friend. Kattabomman (Vadivelu) is Vishwanathan's assistant who torments Bhoopathy right from the day they meet. Vishwanathan's first daughter Priya (Sneha) initially hates Bhoopathy, and they are at constant loggerheads at each other. When Priya's aunt (Suhasini Maniratnam) is going to leave, they again fight, and the same old revenge story takes place. Soon, however, Priya falls for Bhoopathy. When Bhoopathy comes to know about this, he is reminded of his father's words that he should not make him ask forgiveness to his friend under any circumstances. Although Bhoopathy also likes, Priya he controls his emotions and keeps silent. He tries to leave but is caught by Vishwanathan and is forced to come back. Priya receives a call from her friend to come to her wedding. On the insistence of Priya's younger sister, Vishwanathan sends Bhoopathy along with them. There the groom Sriman (Sriman) makes him drunk and he reveals his feelings about Priya. They become friends soon. Then they all go to Black Thunder and a photographer (Pandiarajan) they meet takes a photo of Bhoopathy and Priya holding hands. Bhoopathy keeps avoiding Priya as he is reminded of his promise to his father but cannot forget her. Soon the groom's family arrives and around the same time Mani arrives. Eventually, while the marriage preparations are going strong, the groom's father (Nizhalgal Ravi) finds the photo and the wedding is called off. In the railway station, Bhoopathy tries to convince the groom but in vain. After a few dilemmas by Priya's mother (Meera Krishnan) and Priya's aunt, Vishwanathan arrives at the railway station to see Bhoopathy arguing with the groom's family and forces the groom to leave. He finds out the true reasons behind Bhoopathy's backing out and finally unites Bhoopathy with Priya.