xxxHolic: A Midsummer Night's Dream

A woman comes to Yūko to ask for assistance because her key (an elaborate golden artifact) won't unlock her mansion. Coincidentally, Yūko receives an invitation to the same mansion. She takes Watanuki and Dōmeki along with her to solve the mystery. When they reach the place, a grand mansion with a tower, they are able to enter without trouble, but they discover they aren't the only people there. Many collectors were invited to what they believe to be some kind of auction that would enable to complete their collections. Watanuki feels that something dangerous is happening, as strange events take place at night and the organizer of the auction doesn't present himself.
When collectors start disappearing one by one, Watanuki and Dōmeki penetrate the depths of the mansion. Browsing through a variety of collections in the rooms of the mansion, among them a room full of barbed wire, a room full of chains, and a room full of masks, they find out that the captured collectors are kept in what looks like a collection of paintings. They are joined by Yūko to meet the Collector, a ghost-like entity who seeks to have the greatest collection of anything ever. The Collector summons apparitions against them, and Watanuki and Dōmeki have to fight them, while Ichihara confronts the Collector himself. When it seems that she has been captured by the Collector, she reveals the true reason of his desire to collect, an old promise made to a little girl a long time ago. The revelation makes the mansion disappear, and they appear outside of a much smaller house, where the Collector admiringly re-encounters the girl, now an old lady in a wheelchair, who was actually the woman who hired Yūko.
With the curse dissipated and the collectors liberated, the trio move to a nearby resort, where Yūko also brings Himawari and Mokona. In the final scene, Syaoran and Sakura make an appeal to Yūko to free the Birdcage Kingdom from the darkness. Yūko helps by giving them the key that helped unlock the mansion.