Azad

Anjali (Soundarya) is a journalist who witnesses the murder of a senior journalist carrying crucial evidence about a mafia don. Anjali is on a mission to sue this criminal Deva, who is responsible for the murder. Anjali is also harassed by the misdeeds of Deva (Raghuvaran), the most influential person in the region, who runs Hindu Seva Samithi but, in reality, an undercover Islamic militant, on a mission to release their terrorist group head imprisoned by the state administration. Deva is apparently a Hindu devotee who is bent upon teaching Bhagavad Gita to every human he meets. Anjali happens to see an accident in which a bunch of Deva's henchmen die. She takes this opportunity to create & glorify a fictional character called 'Azad'. She writes a letter that Azad has done this assassination to end crime in the city & state. Word spreads like wildfire that there is a Man called 'Azad' who is the Rescuer of the common man.
A humble and intelligent guy called Chandra Sekhar Azad (Akkineni Nagarjuna) from Rajahmundry, has a widowed mother, a beautiful sister and a cute fiancée, Kanaka Mahalakshmi (Shilpa Shetty) to take care of. As his sister's marriage is fixed, Azaad goes to Hyderabad to get the five lakhs he saved in a chit fund company. There he happens to be involved in a few bomb blasting incidents and rescue incidents and avoids all the bomb blasts & crime without his knowledge. People start to think that he is the "Azad". Anjali meets him and explains him about her mission of ending crime in the state.
However, Azaad is more interested in retrieving money from Chit fund Company and going back to Rajahmundry to participate in his sister's marriage, refuses to enact the role and take the responsibility of legendary character Azaad. But later on, the chit fund company turns out to be bogus which was managed by Deva, to generate finance for smuggling of ammunition to Pakistan. By looking at victims of the chit fund company committing suicide, Azaad wears the mask of 'Azad' to stop Deva's Mission. All these incidents make Deva extremely frustrated while Deva kills & blasts Azad's sister at her wedding. Azad also comes to know that Deva is not a Hindu, but a Muslim Kashmiri terrorist who is on a mission to destroy India.
Deva demands the state administration for release of their militant leader in exchange for the lives of Train passengers hijacked by Deva en route Pakistan via Punjab, India. And the rest of the plot deals with how Azaad banishes Deva and his gang of Militants.[3]