Winner

The movie starts off with horse racing, Dharmendra Reddy (Mukesh Rushi) is a number one business magnet in this business his only son Mahender Reddy (Jagapathi Babu) is the number one jockey in the country, leaves the house after marrying his love interest Lakshmi (Kalyani) against his father’s wish. Mahendra leads a happy life, after some time Lakshmi dies giving birth to a baby boy Siddharth Reddy / Siddu (Master Charith), from that time Mahendra was everything to him both of are bound in a doting love bondage.
After his son left the house Dharmendra Reddy’s business comes almost to zero level, so he has no other choose except to get back his son. After that he decides to separate Siddu from his father, therefore he constructs a barrier between them and separates them by a meticulous plan of making remarriage to his son with his friend’s daughter (Sonia Agarwal) and makes Siddu forcibly to run away from home.
Siddu (Sai Dharam Tej) grows up to be a father-hating, works as a creative head of a newspaper and he hates races and horses. On another hand, for several years Mahendra relentless tries to find his runaway child. Siddu falls in love with Sitara (Rakul Preet Singh) in the first sight itself. But her goal to become a successful athlete to win National Champion Ship in running race that’s why she under the training by bluffing to her parents that she is studying. While he tries to impress her she shows aversion towards him. So, Siddhu meddles with her life by revealing her secret to her father Rajeev Reddy (Suresh). So he immediately settles her marriage with The Best Jockey (Thakur Anoop Singh). Siddu also reaches to the marriage where Sitara comes up with a plan to escape the marriage that she is loving Siddu and introduces him as a number one racer, so she wants to conduct a race between them and she will marry how will win it. In between this quarrel suddenly Mahendra Reddy arrives and shocking says the jockey as his separated son Siddhartha Reddy and accepts the challenge.
Siddu is completely confused with this incident he wants to know the truth so kidnaps Dharmendra Reddy’s PA (Raghu Babu) and Siddu is flabbergasted, realizing that the person is Aadi not only a jockey but also a criminal by profession impersonated and settled with his family by his grandfather as a returned son to stop unnecessary expenditure in the search of the separated son. Now Siddu decides to take up the challenge by becoming a professional jockey. Rest of the story is how Siddu gains Sitara love, comes close to his father, teaches the lesson to his grandfather and becomes a Winner both in challenge & life.