The Libertine

John Wilmot, Second Earl of Rochester (Depp), delivers a prologue of themes of his fondness for drink, his sexual proclivities, and his disdain for his audience.
King Charles II (Malkovich) retracts his banishment of the earl as he has need of him in the House of Lords. Back in London, Rochester finds his "Merry Gang" friends, George Etherege (Hollander) and Charles Sackville (Vegas), in a bawdy house. Rochester encounters on the street the thief Alcock (Coyle). Impressed by his dishonesty, Rochester hires him as his gentleman. The Merry Gang introduce to Rochester who will be its newest member, 18-year-old Billy Downs (Friend). Rochester warns Downs, "Young man, you will die of this company."
The Merry Gang attend a play where the actress Elizabeth Barry (Morton) is booed off the stage, refusing to participate in a curtain call, and is fired. Rochester is taken with Barry, secures her re-employment with the theatre company, and undertakes to coach her in acting. Barry's acting improves dramatically and she delivers a brilliant performance in her next production. The King approaches Barry to spy on Rochester as to the progress of the intended tribute to the French Ambassador.
Charles, in need of money from France, asks Rochester to write a play in honour of the French Ambassador's visit. The king requests it be a "testament" to his reign. Rochester writes Sodom, or the Quintessence of Debauchery, a scathing satire of the king's reign, which he claims is "a testament to Charles" — just what the king had asked for. The play involves vulgar language, simulated sex acts, and Rochester portraying the king being serviced. At the premiere, the king interrupts the play and on the stage confronts Rochester. Downs is injured in a sword fight outside the home of a Constable; Rochester backs away from his dying friend, whispering, "I told you."
Hiding from the king in the English countryside and sick with symptoms of syphilis, Rochester peddles phony gynaecological "treatments" for women, including the selling of "potions" made from Alcock's urine. Rochester's face has become disfigured by syphilitic gummata, which he hides beneath a mask. Charles eventually tracks down Rochester, but decides that the worst punishment possible is to simply "let you be you." Rochester returns to his estate and wife, Elizabeth (Pike), admitting to having been constantly for five years under the influence of "the drink". Elizabeth declares her love for him.
Charles' choice of heir, his Roman Catholic brother James, Duke of York, leads to a showdown with Parliament with the Exclusion Bill that would deny James the throne. Rochester uses make-up and a silver nose tip to hide the indications of syphilis as he enters the House of Lords hobbling on two canes. His denunciation in the Lords of the bill ingratiates the appreciation of the king when it is defeated. When Rochester reveals his desire to have wanted Barry as his wife she reveals she never had the desire to be the wife of anyone, she had a daughter by him that he was unaware of, and this daughter is called Elizabeth.
Rochester returns to his estate where he is bedridden in the care of Elizabeth, his mother, a priest summoned to "bring God to him" as she did not want Rochester to die as an atheist, and Alcock. Before he dies, Rochester asks the priest to recite from Book of Isaiah, chapter 53; he also asks his wife to retell the story of how he had abducted her when she was 18 years old and they fell in love. Rochester's death is followed by a scene of Elizabeth Barry is playing the role of his wife in The Man of Mode, the play about him written by his friend Etheridge.
The epilogue is Rochester slipping into the darkness of an increasingly fading candlelight, asking "Do you like me now?"