Miracle in Cell No. 7

Lee Yong-go is a mentally impaired father with the intellect of a six-year-old, who lives in a run-down house along with his daughter Ye-seung. One day, he gets into a physical altercation with the police commissioner, who has just purchased the last Sailor Moon backpack for his daughter, a gift Yong-go was saving up to buy for Ye-seung. Soon after, the police commissioner's daughter dies in a freak accident, in which she slips on ice and suffers a fatal blow to the back of her head while she is taking Yong-go to another store that sells the same backpack. When he tries to resuscitate her, a woman witnesses him and mistakes him to be molesting her. Yong-go is falsely accused of the abduction, murder, and rape of a minor. The police quickly take advantage of his disability and force him to admit to the crimes, while ignoring exonerating evidence. Yong-go is imprisoned and assigned to Cell No. 7, the harshest cell in a maximum security prison.
At first, the other men in the cell, led by gang leader So Yang-ho, do not take kindly to Yong-go after reading in his file that he murdered and molested a child. However, when Yong-go saves Yang-ho from being fatally stabbed by a rival gang leader, Yang-ho repays the favor by smuggling Ye-seung into Cell No. 7. The Cell No. 7 inmates slowly befriend Yong-go and believe that he is a good man who just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. They help Yong-go rehearse his trial. Eventually, even the head prison warden, Jang Min-hwan, who is initially harsh to Yong-go but softens up when the latter saves him from an arson attack, realizes that Yong-go is merely cornered into admitting a false guilt. He takes custody of Ye-seung and allows her to visit her father every afternoon.
However, the police commissioner threatens Yong-go with Ye-seung's safety if he does not confess his "crime" during his trial and earn the capital punishment. He ultimately chooses to sacrifice himself by giving in, receiving the execution date of December 23, which coincides with Ye-seung's birthday. Before the date, Yong-go's fellow inmates work on a hot air balloon that Yong-go and Ye-seung board to watch their final sunset together.
Years after Yong-go's execution, Ye-seung, who has been formally adopted by Min-hwan, has become a lawyer. She gathers her father's former inmates, all of whom have been released, to stand witness for Yong-go's ultimately successful retrial, ending in his acquittal. She visits Cell No. 7 and reminisces about their hot air balloon trip.