if....

Set in a traditional British public school in the late 1960s, the film opens as the pupils return for a new term. Mick Travis, Wallace, and Johnny are three non-conformist boys in the lower sixth form, their penultimate year. They are watched and persecuted by the "Whips", upper sixth formers given authority as prefects over the other boys. The junior boys are made to act as personal servants for the Whips, who discuss them as sex objects.
Early scenes show the school's customs and traditions. The headmaster is somewhat remote from the boys and the housemasters. The protagonists' housemaster, Mr Kemp, is easily manipulated by the Whips into giving them a free hand in enforcing discipline. Some members of the staff are shown behaving bizarrely.
One day, Mick and Johnny sneak off campus and steal a motorbike, a 1968 BSA A65, from a showroom. They ride to a cafe staffed by The Girl, and Mick has a fantasy nude wrestling encounter with her. Meanwhile, Wallace flirts with a younger boy, Bobby Philips. Later, the three boys drink vodka in their study and consider how "one man can change the world with a bullet in the right place." Their clashes with school authorities become increasingly contentious. Eventually, a brutal caning by the Whips spurs them to action.
During a school-wide military drill, Mick acquires live ammunition, which he, Wallace, and Johnny use to open fire on a group of students and faculty, including Kemp and the school chaplain. When the latter orders the boys to drop their weapons, he is cowed into submission and assaulted by Mick.
As punishment for their actions, the trio are ordered by the headmaster to clean out a large storeroom beneath the main hall. In a surreal sequence, they discover a cache of firearms, including automatic weapons and mortars. Joined by The Girl and Phillips, they commit to revolt against the establishment.
On Founders' Day, when parents are visiting the school, the group starts a fire under the hall, smoking everyone out of the building, where they open fire on them from the rooftop. Led by the visiting General who was giving a speech, the staff, students, and parents break open the Combined Cadet Force armoury and begin firing back. The headmaster tries to stop the fight, imploring the group to listen to reason, only to be shot dead by The Girl. As the battle continues, and the camera closes in on Mick's determined face as he keeps firing.
The screen abruptly cuts to black and "if...." is seen in red letters.