Casanovva (കാസനോവ)

The film is about Casanovva, a serial womaniser. Casanovva is a billionaire and the owner of Casanovva’s Eternal Spring, an international chain of flower boutiques. He has at his beck and call a faithful array of female followers including his staff, friends and former girlfriends, who will do anything for him. The film starts with a robbery carried out by four criminals and they decide their next target in a wedding hall. They enter the wedding place as Casanovva's (Mohanlal) guests. Casanovva recognises them but allows them to attend the marriage function having some plan in his mind. The young criminals ( Alexi, Salim, Arjun, Kiran ) take some photos of their targeted rich persons and collect their details. Casanovva watches all this and does not respond at the moment. The next day is the wedding ceremony. Casanovva, with the aid of his friend in a TV channel (without revealing his plan), plans a live telecast program to capture the four criminal's robbery. But unfortunately, the wedding is postponed due to some unexpected reasons. Thus the robbers pull out from their plan. But within this time the TV channel people come for the telecast. Suddenly Casanovva gets an idea and announces a new live romance reality show through the channel named FALL IN LOVE. Then he creates some plans to make the two people in the robbery gang to fall in love with Hanna (Lakshmi Rai) and Ann Mary (Roma) and telecast their love scenes using hidden cameras through the live reality show FALL IN LOVE. Hanna falls for one of the young robber by hearing the words of Casanovva, who was her boss. The four robbers try to steal a sword, but casanovva (wearing a mask in face) interrupts them and takes the sword from them. By this time, the TV show became popular and causes some problems to Ann Mary, the robbers and even Hanna. Hanna asks her boss Casanovva what his plan was. So Casanovva reveals his flashback to Hanna.
Some years ago, casanovva came to Dubai and romances some girls. Zacariah (Lalu Alex) who is a magazine reporter publishes the stories of Casanovva and him mingling with girls. Sameera Zacharia (Shriya Saran), daughter of Zacharia helps Casanovva from a danger and eventually they become friends. But gradually Casanovva understands that he has some different feeling for Sameera than other women. He realizes that he is in love with her. She also has love interest in Casanovva. But her father requests Casanovva to leave his daughter. He replies that he was in love with his daughter. Casanovva calls Sameera for a meeting to reveal his love to her. She is also ready to reveal her feelings. She wears a mask to give Casanovva a surprise. But suddenly four robbers rush to the road with the same mask as Sameera. The police try to capture them. The four robbers escape and Sameera is caught by the police. And one of the robber shoots Sameera and she dies at the spot. Casanova waits for her and returns to his room depressed. On the way, he sees the four robbers escaping in a car. But at that time he had no idea about the incident that had happened. He is informed of the death of Sameera by TV news in his room. He rushes to the police to tell about the robbers. But they don't listen to Cassanova. Here ends the Flashback.
He says to Hanna that the aim of the reality show was to make the robbers understand about the feeling of love. He then captures the robbers and makes them explain that Sameera was not their gang member to public through the TV show. Thus Casanovva succeeds in showing the innocence of his lover Sameera to the public and police. Then he asks the robbers who killed Sameera. Realising who it is, Casanovva kills the one who shoots his lover and surrenders to the police.
The love plot is inspired from English movie SERENDIPITY which showcases writing on a currency note and waiting for destiny to deliver it back to them.