Front Line, The !The Front Line

Early in the Korean War in 1950, as the North is rolling through South Korea, South Korean Army privates Kang Eun-pyo (Shin Ha-kyun) and Kim Soo-hyeok (Go Soo) are captured during a battle and brought to North Korean captain Jung-yoon. Jung-yoon declares to the prisoners that the war will be over in a week and that he knows exactly why they are fighting this devastating war, before releasing the prisoners, so that they can help reconstruct the nation after the war.
Three years later, in 1953, the war has not ended. Despite ceasefire negotiations, the fighting continues around the Aerok Hills on the eastern front, straddling the 38th Parallel, as that would help determine the future dividing line between the North and the South. The hills change hands constantly and so quickly that even the ceasefire negotiators don't always know who controls them.
Amidst the fighting, a South Korean officer commanding 'Alligator' Company, fighting at Aerok, is found dead, killed by a Southern bullet. The now-First Lieutenant Eun-Pyo of the South Korean Army's Counterintelligence Corps (the precursor to South Korea's current Defense Security Command) is sent to investigate the murder, and find an apparent mole there who had been mailing letters from Northern troops to into the South.
Eun-pyo arrives at the front lines accompanied by Captain Jae-oh, the replacement commanding officer of Alligator Company, and a raw recruit, Pvt. Nam Seong-shik. Eun-Pyo's perceptions change quickly upon arriving at the front. The acting commander, Captain Young-Il, though a skilled soldier, is addicted to morphine, the men actively wear captured enemy uniforms for warmth, and use Communist vernacular. War orphans live among the soldiers, the discipline is lax, and the mental health of some men is questionable. Eun-Pyo's old friend Kim Soo-Hyeok reappears, now also a First Lieutenant. A far cry from the cowering incompetent Eun-pyo once knew, he has become a ruthless killer and expert platoon leader. The entire unit also seems burdened about something that happened in Pohang earlier in the war.
It turns out that their former captor, Jung-Yoon, is commanding the North Korean forces against them; he too is severely strained by the war and is also struggling to keep his similarly-battered veteran unit together. Eun-pyo joins the South Koreans as they retake the hill from Northern hands. When the fighting ends, he discovers Seong-shik inexplicably drunk, leading him to discover Soo-Hyeok, Young-Il, and other veterans enjoying the contents of a secret box buried within a cave in the hill that acts as a mail system and gift exchange between the opposing sides. Once a storage for the Southerners captured by the Northerners, it was first used to trade insults, but evolved into exchanging pleasant letters and presents, with an occasional request for one side to send letters to their families in the other side; explaining the supposed 'mole' in the area. The veterans persuade Eun-pyo to keep quiet about their fraternization.
The winter turns to summer, but the fighting does not stop. During a patrol, Seong-shik is suddenly shot by "Two Seconds," a feared Communist sniper, so named due to the time between a victim being shot and the sound of the gunshot being heard. Although Eun-pyo attempts to save him, Soo-hyeok orders him to leave Seong-shik to die, baiting "Two Seconds" for an artillery strike that ultimately fails to kill the sniper. Eun-pyo attempts to hunt down "Two Seconds" alone, eventually subduing the sniper, only to find that 'he' is a female soldier named Cha Tae-kyeong, who already regrets her killing Seong-shik, having recognized him over their battles and gift exchanges. He reluctantly lets her go. Eun-pyo confronts Soo-hyeok over his callousness, further inflamed when Soo-hyeok cruelly mocks one of the disabled children living in their camp, but their argument goes nowhere. Captain Young-il is wounded trying to calm a crazed veteran soldier demanding to see friends who died at Pohang. Upon Eun-pyo's questioning, Soo-hyeok reveals that the company had to abandon many fellow soldiers during a chaotic retreat at Pohang. With only one landing craft to evacuate them, they eventually killed the other men to save themselves, to their shame and regret. The veteran is transferred out, doomed to a dishonorable discharge, and the orphans are evacuated as Soo-hyeok begins to re-install discipline and rebuild the men's will to fight.
Later, Chinese forces are deployed in human-wave tactics to attack the hill. During the battle, Jae-oh breaks under pressure and refuses to retreat, even as they are being overrun, over his subordinates' pleas. Soo-hyeok resorts to shooting Jae-Oh dead in front of Eun-pyo, and takes command with Young-il, leading the company to safety. Eun-pyo threatens to arrest him for killing both Jae-oh and the previous company commander, but Soo-hyeok retorts that the two dead leaders were putting them at risk and had to be replaced for the good of the company. Soo-hyeok later falls victim to "Two Seconds," devastating Eun-Pyo and the others.
After the battle, an armistice agreement is signed, and celebrations start on both sides. North and South Korean troops encounter each other at a stream, but after a tense moment, quietly wave each other goodbye. However, the armistice will not take effect for another 12 hours. Both sides are ordered to make a final, all-out assault to capture as much territory as possible, determining the final border between the two nations. In a savage climactic battle, everyone on both sides is killed, including Captain Young-il and Cha Tae-kyung the sniper, save for North Korean commander Jung-Yoon, albeit gravely wounded, and Eun-pyo.
Eun-Pyo finds Jung-Yoon in the cave with the gift box. He asks him why exactly they are fighting. Jung-Yoon replies that he knew once, but has now forgotten. They suddenly hear on the radio that the armistice has come into effect and all fighting is to cease immediately, to which they burst out laughing. They share a smoke, but Jung-Yoon succumbs to his wounds.
The film ends with a shell-shocked Eun-Pyo walking alone down the devastated, bloodsoaked hill amongst the corpses of all the fallen soldiers, leaving the ultimate fate of Aerok Hill unknown.