Water

The film is set in the year 1938, when India was still under British occupation. Child marriages were common practice and widows had a diminished position in society.
Chuyia (Sarala Kariyawasam) is an eight-year-old girl, whose husband suddenly dies. In keeping with traditions of widowhood, she is dressed in a white sari, her head is shaven and she is left in an ashram, to spend the rest of her life in renunciation. There are fourteen women who live in the dilapidated house, sent there to expiate bad karma, as well as to relieve their families of financial and emotional burdens of caring for widows. The ashram is ruled by Madhumati (Manorama), a pompous lady in her 70s. Her only friend is the pimp, Gulabi (Raghuvir Yadav), a hijra who keeps Madhumati supplied with cannabis. The two also have a side business: Gulabi helps Madhumati prostitute Kalyani (Lisa Ray), a beautiful young widow, by taking her across the lake to customers. Kalyani was forced into prostitution as a teenager to support the ashram.
Shakuntala (Seema Biswas) is perhaps the most enigmatic of the women. She is attractive, witty and sharp. She is also one of the few widows who can read. She exudes enough anger that even Madhumati leaves her alone. Shakuntala is caught between being a God-fearing, devout Hindu, and her hatred of being a widow. She seeks the counsel of Sadananda (Kulbhushan Kharbanda), a priest, who makes her aware of her unjust and unholy situation. She becomes attached to Chuyia because she sees herself reflected in the little girl; she strives to give Chuyia what she lacked.
Chuyia is convinced that her stay is a temporary one, and that her mother will come to take her away, and so quickly adapts to her new life. She befriends Kalyani, who is more full of life than the other widows. She is witness of Kalyani's budding romance with Narayan (John Abraham), a charming upper-class follower of Mahatma Gandhi. Despite her initial reluctance, Kalyani eventually buys into his dream of marriage and a new life in Calcutta. She agrees to go away with him.
Her plan is disrupted when Chuyia inadvertently blurts about the secret affair to Madhumati. Enraged at losing a source of income and afraid of the social disgrace, Madhumati locks Kalyani up. Much to everyone's surprise, the God-fearing Shakuntala lets Kalyani out to go meet Narayan, and he ferries her across the lake to take her to his home. The journey however, does not culminate in the happy ending that Kalyani had hoped for, as she recognises Narayan's bungalow, and it turns out that Narayan is the son of one of the men whom she has been pimped out to. In shock, she demands that he take her back. A confrontation with his father reveals to Narayan the reason of Kalyani's behavior. Disgusted, he decides to walk out on his father and join Mahatma Gandhi (Mohan Jhangiani). He arrives at the ashram to take Kalyani with him, only to find out that Kalyani has fatally drowned herself due to disillusionment and grief.
Madhumati sends Chuyia away to be prostituted as a replacement for Kalyani. Shakuntala finds out and tries to prevent the worst, but she is too late. As a result of being raped, Chuyia is deeply traumatised and catatonic. Cradling Chuyia, Shakuntala spends the night at the shore. Walking through town with Chuyia in her arms she hears about Gandhi being at the train station, ready to leave town. She follows the crowd to receive his blessing. As the train is departing, in an act of despair, Shakuntala runs along the train, asking people to take Chuyia with them. She spots Narayan on the train and gives Chuyia to him. The train departs, leaving teary-eyed Shakuntala behind, taking Chuyia into a brighter future.