Daiva Balam

Ugrasena Maharaja (Gummadi) is king of Malava, he has a daughter Rupa. According to astrologer's prediction, Rupa will marry an ordinary person. Ugrasena wants to change the gods wish and starts doing penance. King sends the wise people to bring the probable boy Chandrasena who is going to marry his daughter and order to kill him. Soldiers take the boy to the forest but due to the divine grace boy escapes death. The boy's mother Annapurna (Malathi) also reaches the forest both of them get shelter in a saint's Ashram. Years roll by, Chandrasena (N. T. Rama Rao) grows up with and qualifies in all fields. Ugrasena is in a happy feeling that he has killed the boy. One day grown up Rupa (Jayasri) goes to the forest for hunting where she meets Chandrasena and both love each other. Ugrasena announces sports competition in the capital where Chandrasena wins and king honors him. Rupa meets him in her palace and Chandrasena gets caught by soldiers. Chandrasena's mother pleads king to excuse his son but in vain. Ugrasena now realizes that Chandrasena is none other than the boy whom he thought died. Ugrasena orders to put Chandrasena in a cellar where demons are there. Chandrasena kills the demon and reaches Rupa. While they are escaping soldiers chase them and they enter into a deadly house from where no one will come back. Hence the soldiers return and inform the king about this. King announces that the person who brings his daughter back will get a huge sum of gold. Takku (Relangi) & Tikku (Ramana Reddy) start to bring princess after hearing the announcement. In that death house, Rupa is caught by an enchanter (Shobhan Babu) and takes her to their Queen Gandharva Rani (Mohana). She orders Chandrasena to bring the musical tree from Chambala Island ruled by wizard Kanakaksha (Mukkamala) to get back Rupa. After a lot of effort Chandrasena reaches the Island where Kanakaksha's daughter Champa (Girija) falls in love with Chandrasena. He gets her into his trap, achieves the musical tree and relives Rupa. Meanwhile, Kanakaksha makes Chandrasena as garland and takes him back. Rupa with no help is caught by Takku and Tikku. Kanakaksha orders Chandrasena to marry his daughter Champa but he denies. So, he keeps him in prison and starts torturing. Rupa somehow escapes from Takku & Tikku and goes back to death house sits on the musical tree and reaches Chamba Island. With Rupa's help, Chandrasena escapes from prison eliminates Kanakaksha and blasts the island. Both of them reach back to Malava kingdom when Ugrasena also understands that no one can change the fortune and agrees to their marriage. Finally, the movie ends with a happy on the marriage of Chandrasena & Rupa.