Dragon Ball Z: Fukkatsu no F

The remnants of Frieza's army, led by an alien named Sorbet, head to Earth where they convince Pilaf, Mai, and Shu, who have collected the Dragon Balls, to summon the wish-granting dragon Shenron. Sorbet makes a wish to revive Frieza, but Shenron can only bring him back to life in the form of the pieces that Future Trunks cut up, which Sorbet's minions reassemble using their advanced technology over the following two months. Once restored, Frieza plans revenge against the Super Saiyans, but upon learning that Goku has gotten stronger to the point of defeating Majin Buu, he postpones the invasion so he can train himself for the first time in his life.
Jaco the Galactic Patrolman travels to Earth to warn Bulma that Frieza is approaching, and she gathers five of the Z fighters. With Goku and Vegeta training with Whis on the planet that houses Beerus, the God of Destruction, unaware that Frieza has been revived, Gohan, Piccolo, Krillin, Master Roshi, Tien Shinhan, and Jaco fight off Frieza's soldiers. But the five Z warriors are unable to beat Frieza, even with Gohan as a Super Saiyan.
Bulma is finally able to reach Whis; Goku and Vegeta return to Earth to face Frieza. Whis and Beerus join them in order to eat a strawberry sundae Bulma has prepared for them; neither of the two care about the outcome of the battle. Despite powering up to Final Form, Frieza is unable to defeat Goku, but the latter deduces that he is holding back. The two then agree to fight at full power, with Goku transforming into a new form with a glowing-blue aura called Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan (超 (スーパー)サイヤ人ゴッドSS (スーパーサイヤ人), Sūpā Saiya-jin Goddo Sūpā Saiya-jin, or simply Super Saiyan Blue), and Frieza evolving into his new gold-plated form "Golden Frieza" (ゴールデンフリーザ, Gōruden Furīza). Although Frieza is finally able to gain the upper hand, Goku and Vegeta soon realize Frieza's greatest weakness: that his golden form drains his powers quickly, due to his lack of mastery.
Goku eventually turns the tables, beating down Frieza. He gives him the chance to leave, but is shot in the chest by Sorbet's ray gun when he lowers his guard. Frieza stands over the incapacitated Goku, and offers Vegeta a chance to kill Goku and to command his future army, but Vegeta refuses, transforming into his own Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan form. When Krillin attempts to revive Goku with a Senzu bean, Frieza attacks him, but Vegeta deflects the shot, which kills Sorbet. Vegeta ends up battering Frieza, knocking him out of his golden form, humiliates and angers Frieza. Vegeta is about to kill the weakened Frieza, but Frieza shoots a blast into the Earth, destroying it and Vegeta. Goku, Whis, Beerus, and the Z fighters are left on a small piece of rock in space, where they lament the loss of the planet; Goku regrets not killing Frieza when he had the chance. Whis remarks he can turn back time up to three minutes and, after doing so, Goku destroys Frieza with a Kamehameha, much to Vegeta's anger.
In the aftermath, as the characters say their goodbyes to Beerus and Whis, Goku and Vegeta discuss the assertion by Whis that, if the two of them were to team up, opponents like Frieza would not have a chance to knock them out. Vegeta replies he would rather die than go through that again. Goku agrees and laughs as Vegeta smiles and remarks that it is about time they finally agree on something.
In a post-credits scene, Frieza returns to Hell, and to his dismay, is welcomed back.