Khamosh

Soni Razdan is a budding actress. Naseeruddin Shah is a military man. Amol Palekar is an established actor. Shabana Azmi is a fellow actress. Ajit Vachani is a film producer and Pankaj Kapoor is his mentally unstable brother. Sushma Seth plays Mrs. Bhal, a retired actress now doing character roles and pushing her reluctant daughter into the film industry to obtain fame and fortune.
The filming unit enters Pahalgam in Kashmir for their next film. Razdan mysteriously commits suicide. The police are about to call it an open and shut case when Shah enters the scene. He pretends to be a special officer sent to investigate the case, but subsequently his cover is blown. The police come to arrest him just as he about to accuse Mrs Bhal of Razdan's murder as he had found Razdan's missing earring hidden under Mrs Bhal's mattress in her hotel room. Shah then reveals his true identity as Razdan's estranged brother and states that some days before the "suicide", Razdan had sent him a letter that she had gotten the lead role for a prestigious project. As such, he refuses to believe that she committed suicide. The crew accept that Razdan had indeed got the coveted role, but they are less enthusiastic about co-operating now with the police and investigation of her murder.
The only person who believes that Razdan was murdered is Azmi, who heard Razdan practising her lines until late at night. Azmi realises that Razdan was portraying a village girl who spoke no English, but that she had started shouting something in English before she became silent. She agrees to help Shah catch the culprit, and they join forces but more murders happen - first with Mrs Bhal is killed and then the male housekeeper.
Eventually, all clues point to Vachchani, who confesses that his brother Kapoor killed Razdan in a rage when she spurned his advances. Vachchani confesses that he was just covering for him, because his brother was mentally ill. Kapoor goes on a shooting spree, killing Vachchani in the process. It seems like the mystery has been solved but Shah realizes two things : 1] Kapoor's revolver had already been emptied before he "shot" his brother dead. 2] Vachchani had posted a mysterious letter to his lawyer.
Azmi knows where the actual gun used to kill Vachchani is but finds it missing from the props and costumes box. Later she finds out that Amol Palekar has the gun and is the actual murderer. He confesses to Azmi that he killed Soni as she was carrying his child and hence wanted him to marry her. When he refused, she threatened to go public - this would have meant the end of his career. He also tells her how Vachchani helped him in framing a fake suicide and got caught by Mrs. Bhal and how he had to kill everyone one by one. Azmi is terrified and as Palekar is about to kill her, Shah shoots him from the back after finding out the truth from Vachchani's letter.