The King & The Commissioner

The story revolves around Joseph Alex I.A.S (Mammootty) and Bharathchandran IPS (Suresh Gopi). A Pakistan military group under Maj. Abu Jalal Rana trespasses Indian waters, targeting New Delhi. The plan, however, is intercepted by Dr. Emma John of Intelligence Wing as she informs it to her senior Padmabhushan Dr. Sudarshan (Nedumudi Venu). Before they can tell the home minister, however, they are killed by two cops, who is joined by a senior police officer, Shankar Ramdas (Devan). Unbeknownst to them, Imran, a photo journalist manages to take pictures of the scene onto his camera. Meanwhile, Kishore Balakrishnan (Vijay Menon), the senior analyst at the agency, sets off to see Swami Chandramoulishwar (Saikumar) at his ashram demanding for the information he passed before. However, Swami was able to suffocate him before pushing him into the Yamuna river. The next day, the bodies of Kishore, Dr. Sudarshan, and Dr. Emma are all found in the river and riverside. Since both the bodies of the doctors are seen in an intimate position, the police concludes that Kishore killed the two out of jealousy, and then killed himself right after by drowning himself into the river.
However, G.K (Janardhanan), the central home minister assigns Joseph Alex I.A.S to investigate the death of Dr. Sudarshan. Consequently, he goes to the forensic director and analyst to ask him to give a fresh report and include the facts that they have excluded deliberately before. After seeing a mysterious man in black leather jacket walking away from his car, Joseph gets a call from Nanda (Samvrutha Sunil), the daughter of the home minister and a news journalist. She shows him the picture of a cop holding a gun towards someone inside a white car. Imran (Kishore), the owner photo has a gut feeling that he has seen Dr. Sudarshan in that car.
On the other hand, Mr. Bharath Chandran IPS, an IGP from Kerala is assigned to assist Joseph in probe. Both of them are able to get Shankar arrested, but Shankar is soon killed by a henchmen of Swami in court. Later on, Joseph is called into the PMO to tell that he is off the case now. He retorts and is able to be continue with the case after convincing the PM. He states that if something were to happen to the PM, the nation will suffer huge financial loss. The expenses is what Joseph is concerned about rather than the PM's life. Because of this, Swamiji gets pissed off that he decides to assassinate the PM through Rana. In this way, Raman Madhavan (Cherthala Jayan), the National Seurity Adviser will be the next PM after ensuring support from many coalition party leaders.
Meanwhile, ACP Arjun captures the PA coming out of Swami's ashram by disguising as the driver. However, although the PA is taken into custody, the pak army men pretending as Delhi Police comes in and asks for PA's custody. The next thing they do is to draw the gun out and shoot ACP Arjun on the head. In the ensuing fight, Ubaid manages to kill several Pak officers, but Rana shows up and kills both Ubaid and the PA. Enraged, Bharath storms into the ashram, but is held at gunpoint by Swami's men. Nevertheless, Joseph appears right in time to save Bharath from getting killed, by killing one among Swami's men. So, Swami, and Raman Madhavan later at night, is taken into custody. When both of them are about to be taken to the location of the ISI agents, however, the people who accompanied them are shot dead in front of the building. Minutes later, Bharath and Joseph arrives into the dilapidated cottage with a team of commandos. There, they confront Rana, and both Joseph and Bharath draws their guns to shoot him 3 times respectively. Afterwards, Joseph comes close to Rana and quips at him before sticking a flag pole (with the national flag of Pakistan on it) into his chest while chanting "Bharath Mata ki Jai". They also lock Swami and Raman Madhavan in a car. The bomb explodes after, killing both Swami and Madhavan. Then they go back to the Prime Minister's office, and thought initially furious, the Prime Minister greets them for fulfilling their mission.