Kattu Roja

A young, innocent M[man Baskaran(S. S. Rajendran) lives alone with his elderly parents Ponnambla Mudaliar(V. K. Ramasamy) and Vadivu(G. Varalakshmi) and his cousin Kuzhandai Velu(K. A. Thangavelu). Their elderly couple wishes like arranged marriage for their family friend Shanmuga Mudaliar(P. D. Sambantham) daughter Baby(G. Sakunthala). So, Baskar and his cousin visit to Neelagiri for Shanmuga Mudaliar home. On the way, their car was struggling so Thangavelu such as water, meantime, Baskar drives the car and has an accident. A young village girl Ponni(Padmini) saves him and she gives aid for his injured body.
Then both fall in love with each other. Mean time, Kuzhandai Velu Reach shanmuga Mudaliar home, Shanmuga mudaliar and his daughter Baby. Baby and Kuzhandai fall in love. And after searching for Baskar, finally he finds him. Then, Kuzhandai was received at home with Baskar. Baskar ever time was spelled for Kattu Roja. So, his parents and cousin decided he was mentally disturbed. In the meantime, Somu (R. S. Manohar) reached Ponni's home. Ponni's Father (T. S. Muthaiah) was dying in bed, her father was bring Ponni for his Uncle Somu's hands.
Then, there was comes to Ponnamblam house and Ponni joins for house maid. In the meantime, the household faces some problems for son shapes. Accidentally, Baskar and Ponni meet again. Since, he was disturbed for heartly. Baskar was, in the meantime, closed relationship with his Uncle Thanga Durai (M. R. Radha), wish like his sister Pushpa (Pusphalatha) gets married Baskar, So he hatches a secret plan for this. Baskar goes to the wrong pathway and becomes an alcoholic. His mother worries about her son's attitude and once Baskar tries molest to Ponni.
Then Vadivu decided to arrange a marriage of Ponni and Somu. Ponni tries to commit suicide, Baskar safely saved her life at a mountain edge. Somu knew Ponni's past life. Baskar is her past lover. Finally, Baskar and Ponni gets married, but Thanga Durai stopped the ceremonies. Because, he told Baskar secretly married his sister Pushpa and their couple has one female child. The baby is also identified but who is the father? In the meantime, Kuzhandi Velu says in truth the baby is Thanga Durai's child. He was spoiled Ponni's sister's (B. S. Saroja) life, so she leaves the child in Baskar's car and Baskar submits the baby to Thanga Durai. Thanga Durai was trained to baby for shows Baskar and Pushpa photograph and teach the child for father and mother identifications. Finally Thanga Durai admits his mistake and reunites to his family and Pushpa gets married to Somu.