Thirteen Assassins

In 1844 of the Edo period, as the Tokugawa shogunate is in decline, Lord Matsudaira Naritsugu of Akashi rapes, tortures, and murders his citizens at will. He is shielded because the Shogun is his half-brother. Sir Doi Toshitsura, the Shogun's Justice, realizes that the situation will escalate after Naritsugu ascends to a higher political position. After a wronged party publicly commits seppuku as a way of showing disdain for Lord Naritsugu, Sir Doi seeks out a trusted older samurai, Shimada Shinzaemon, who served under the former shogun, and secretly hires him to assassinate Naritsugu. However, Naritsugu's loyal retainers, led by Hanbei, an old contemporary of Shinzaemon, learn of the plot by spying on Doi's meetings.
Shinzaemon gathers eleven more trusted samurai including Shinzaemon's nephew, Shinrokurō, who together plan to ambush Naritsugu on his official journey from Edo to his lands in Akashi. Just before they leave, Hanbei arrives and warns his old colleague that he will suffer grave consequences if he tries to kill Naritsugu.
The group, with the legal authority and financial assistance of Sir Doi, buy the help of the town of Ochiai in order to create a trap. They also enlist the help of Makino, a minor lord whose daughter-in-law was raped and son murdered by Naritsugu. With troops, Makino blocks the official highway, forcing Naritsugu to head into town and the trap. During the assassins' own journey to the town, they are attacked by ronin who have been paid off by Hanbei to kill the plotters. The group decides to head through the mountains but end up getting lost. In the process they encounter a hunter named Kiga Koyata who becomes their guide; Shinzaemon eventually recruits him as the thirteenth assassin.
The town is converted into an elaborate maze of booby traps and camouflaged fortifications. When Naritsugu and his retinue arrive their numbers have been swelled with additional troops. The thirteen assassins are no longer facing seventy men-at-arms; now they face two hundred. A lengthy battle follows, with Naritsugu and his guards trapped inside the village and attacked on all sides by arrows, explosives, knives, and swords – with the exception of Koyata, who fights with rocks in slings. In the midst of this carnage, the deranged noble Naritsugu is elated. He tells Hanbei that when he ascends to the Shogun's council he will bring back the wars of the Sengoku period.
The assassins are killed, but not before they inflict heavy damage on the Akashi forces. Eventually, Naritsugu and Hanbei are cornered by Shinzaemon and Shinrokurō. After Shinzaemon kills Hanbei, Naritsugu kicks his loyal retainer's head away, insulting the older samurai. Contemptuously, Naritsugu announces that both the people and the samurai have only one purpose and that is to serve their lords. Shinzaemon counters by telling Naritsugu that lords cannot live without the support of the people and that, if a lord abuses his power, the people will always rise against him. Naritsugu and Shinzaemon mortally wound each other. As the lord crawls away in mud crying and experiencing fear and pain for the first time, he thanks Shinzaemon for showing him excitement before Shinzaemon chops his head off.
After Shinzaemon dies, Shinrokurō wanders through the carnage. He meets the hunter Koyata, who has made a miraculous recovery after being stabbed in the neck by Naritsugu. The two then make their separate ways out of the town. An epilogue states that the Shogun and his government covered up what really occurred, announcing that Naritsugu died of illness on the journey back to his lands. Twenty-three years later, the Tokugawa Shogunate would be overthrown with the Meiji Restoration.