Run Raja Run

Raja (Sharwanand) is a simple yet well off son of a vegetable vendor. He constantly keeps breaking-up with girlfriends because of his honesty. Then he meets Priya (Seerat) and they both fall in love. While this is happening with Raja, there are kidnappings of ministers in the city, in the same way it happened a couple of years ago. The person who solved the mystery years ago, police commissioner Dileep (Sampath Raj), has an officer under him, Nayeem Basha (Adivi sesh), who is a very smart officer but is not appreciated for it. Soon Raja learns that Priya is none other than Dileep's daughter and that she is about to marry a minister's son. Raja goes and talks with Dileep who reveals that he wants to get Priya married to the minister's son. He tricks Raja into kidnapping one of the big shots in city. But Raja instead kidnaps Priya, who tells him that she never loved him and only pretended so she could go for higher studies in a foreign land.
Raja, though heart-broken, takes her to her friend's house. Dileep tries to find her without the public or minister knowing but is not successful. In mean time priya starts falling for Raja. Raja calls Dileep while he is with the minister and demands ₹ 3 crores as ransom. Nayeem informs Dileep that the kidnapper is none other than Raja and that Raja was the one that tricked Dileep. Priya comes to know about the ransom. When she is questioning him, her father comes and arrests Raja. Dileep is happy that the kidnapper is caught. But then the minister's son is kidnapped and a ransom of 15 crores is demanded. When Dileep goes to the police station, Raja is not there. Here Priya finds out from her mother that Raja's father(Jayaprakash) and Dileep were good friends and that Raja's father considered sincere policeman Karim Basha as his own family. Raja's father found that the kidnappings were planned by the minister himself. Raja's father goes to arrest the minister but Dileep reveals that it was his plan and the minister kills Karim. Enraged, Raja's father shoots the minister in the throat and is framed for the kidnapping and goes to jail.
Meanwhile, Dileep learns that Nayeem and Raja are in cahoots. Nayeem takes 15 crores from the minister. Raja's father reveals to Dileep that Nayeem is Karim's son. Raja then sends a video to the media in which Dileep has admitted to be the kidnapper. Nayeem takes the 500 crores from the minister's house and donates it to the orphanage. Dileep is arrested as the minister dies of his gun-shot wound. Finally Priya and Raja reunite.