Udaharanam Sujatha

Sujatha (Manju Warrier) is a full-time housemaid and single mother. She lives to see her daughter Athira's (Anaswara Rajan) success, taking up more and more odd jobs to support her schooling. Her daughter, though, is far from grateful. She never studies, gets poor scores in her exams and won't quit believing that she can't be anything more than a housemaid like her mother.
Sujatha tells all her woes to George Paul (Nedumudi Venu), the man who employs her. A kind and open-hearted man, Paul tells Sujatha about an uncanny solution to her daughter's poor performance. Under the new plan, Sujatha will go to school as Athira, and Athira, seeing no other solution but to score better than her mother, will start studying well. Paul tells the Head Master of her daughter's school (Joju George), to admit Sujatha, an adult, into the 10th grade. After much ado, Sujatha goes to school once more. Athira, however, isn't exactly thrilled. She is almost disappointed when her mother seems to score better than she does. In retaliation, Athira studies well and scores a record 58% in her Maths paper. Sujatha is happy, and leaves school. But her smile fades soon as she discovers that Athira only scored because she didn't want to go to school with her mother.
Saddened about what to do, Sujatha decides to meet the Thiuvananthapuram District Collector (Mamta Mohandas) about her dream to see Athira as a Collector. The Collector tells Sujatha that she herself came from a very poor family and couldn't afford to go to "coaching classes" (which are basically classes conducted by private organizations, and often have very high tuitions) to pass her Civil Service Exams. Instead, she studied hard everyday and saved enough money to write the UPSC Exams in Delhi.
Meanwhile Athira is unmotivated due to the bleak chances she sees in her future. The daughter whenever she is forced to study, she mocks her mother being a lowly paid servant who doesn't have enough wealth or basic education. The mother takes the responsibility to instill in her daughter a positive attitude by initiative and insight from others. The mother finally takes up a bookbag for this.