Lan Kwai Fong

The movie follows three budding couples who frequent the Lan Kwai Fong nightlife: alcohol marketing distributor Steven, club manager Jacky, Lan Kwai Fong newbies (flight attendants) Jennifer and Jeana, local man eater Cat and lawyer Sean.
Steven and Jennifer:
Jennifer and Jeana are introduced to the Lan Kwai Fong club scene by their friend and co-worker Lin Lin. Steven who sees Jennifer outside the club is instantly attracted to her and the same goes for her, but once in the club Jennifer is pulled away to meet Lin Lin's rich friend Andy Lau from Shanghai. As Jennifer is calling for a taxi to go home she runs into a drunk Steven in the streets and helps him home. After a late night of further drinking together Steven ask if Jennifer could stay over being it's so late. What started out as a platonic sleepover eventually leads to sex. The next morning sensing love, Steven ask to see Jennifer again. The two eventually have a somewhat relationship, but due to misunderstandings and trust issues they have a huge fight on New Year's with Jennifer disappearing from Steven's life. The two run into each other several months later at a birthday party where Steven finds out Jennifer is now his boss Leslie's girlfriend, devastated he moves on. While on a date with his new girlfriend Nana he runs into Jennifer and Leslie and finds out that the two are now engaged, heartbroken he request to leave right away which leads to a fight with Nana. Leslie promotes Steven to their Australia head office, but on the same night he finds Leslie cheating on Jennifer and beats him up. At Sean and Cat's wedding party Steven finds out Leslie and Jennifer have broken up, not wanting to miss another chance he runs through the streets of Hong Kong searching for Jennifer to tell her how he truly feels about her.
Jacky and Jeana:
Club manager Jacky tags along to help Steven fix Lin Lin's friend Andy, but becomes interested in Jeana and wants to get to know her. Every time he tries to make his move his soon-to-be ex-girlfriend Mavis show's up. However Jeana seems to be more interested in her new found popularity among guys. With guys crawling all over her she soon becomes promiscuous by having quickies with strangers at the club bathroom. On New Year's the two eventually have a one-night stand at Steven's home. One night Jacky and Steven decides to hit a brothel together only to find out his ex-girlfriend Mavis has become a prostitute to get over him. Feeling guilty about how he coldly dumped Mavis he ask if Jeana could be by his side as he needs someone right now, but she is too busy getting to know other guys. With Jeana becoming the new man eater at the club the two end up as friends only.
Sean and Cat:
Lan Kwai Fong newbie, lawyer Sean is instantly drawn to club man eater Cat, but she has no interest in him. Cat only cares about who she'll have sex with that night. On New Year's Sean gets lucky when Cat picks him to have sex with. Sean who is serious about Cat confesses his feelings to her but Cat doesn't care and rejects him by telling him she does not like to have a second go with a guy. Soon Cat reevaluates her feelings for Sean when he stands up to a couple of guys that were sexually harassing her. After another night of sex together the two get in a committed relationship and get married later on.[3]