Avatarachi Goshta

Kaustubh(Mihiresh Joshi) is an innocent little boy. He loves to live in his imaginative world that is full of wonders and adventures. The tales that his grandma, Aaji(Sulabha Deshpande) tells him is the base on which he has built a few fantasies. The Dashavtar tales from Indian mythology are his favourite. These tales are based on Lord Vishnu’s Ten avatars. Kaustubh has also learnt through these tales that Lord Vishnu’s tenth avatar, the Kalki avatar is going to be in Kaliyuga, the modern era we are in. Innocent mind of Kaustubh, who is in his fourth standard, is captured with the imagination that he himself is that Kalki avatar. His close friend Mangya(Yash Kulkarni), who is equally thrilled with this idea, confirms his belief. A few incidental coincidences validate Kaustubh’s imagination. Once he is convinced, he shares this secret with Amod(Adinath Kothare), the young engineering student that is a tenant in Kaustubh’s home. Amod who is atheist by nature, does not pay much attention. Convinced by the idea of being the Kalki avatar, Kaustubh becomes so confident that he tries the biggest adventure he is possessed with since quite long. He gets injured and suffers from a fractured leg. This acts as a big blow to Kaustubh’s fantasy and his emotionally driven imaginative world gets shattered. He finds it difficult to come to terms with the reality and goes in a shell. He starts avoiding his dear friend Mangya and even everybody at his home. Observing his strange behaviour, the Doctor advises Kaustubh’s parents to consult a psychiatrist. But they don’t act upon the advice in anticipation of the social stigma. Kaustubh’s mother(Leena Bhagwat) realizes that Kaustubh who feels so detached from everyone, is pretty comfortable with Amod. So she requests Amod to help Kaustubh come out of this emotional turmoil. Amod accepts this challenge and in an attempt of getting into the crux of the problem, gets friendly with Mangya. He then understands that thereal cause is Kaustubh’s fantasy based passion of becoming an avatar. Amod shares with Kaustubh a different perspective about the very concept of the avatar and slowly helps him come out of the mental stress he is facing. Kaustubh with Amod’s help overcomes the depression and regains his confidence.