Manasantha Nuvve

Anu (Baby Zeeba) is the daughter of a wealthy government officer. Chanti (Ananda Vardhan), son of a widow mother lives in a small hut beside their house. Anu is attracted to the kindness of Chanti and his family and they both become good friends. Anu's father does not like their friendship but they continue playing together. One day, Anu's father gets a job transfer and they leave that village. Anu gives him an alarm clock as a parting gift when they leave to Vizag. He keeps this gift as a token of remembrance.
After some time, his mother dies because of a disease and he is an orphan now. He starts selling breakfast to the railway passengers and try to make a living out of it. One day a couple Mohan Rao (Chandra Mohan, and Sudha) admired by his honesty, decide to adopt him and give him a good life. They give him a new name Venu and bring up as their own child. He looks after their Audio/video cafe run by Mohan Rao. Anu goes to the US and completes her education, but she still remembers her childhood friend Chanti. Her parents want her to get married to her cousin, but she convinces them that she does not want to marry now. She also reveals to her cousin that she still likes Chanti and hope to meet him some day.
She comes to India in the hope of finding Chanti but fail to meet him. She starts writing about their friendship since their childhood as a serial and visits the editor of Swati magazine and tells him that this is her own story. He gets impressed by the story and agrees to publish it in his magazine with her pen name Renu. Chanti's sister becomes a big fan of that serial and admires her. She keeps asking Venu to find and get her home.
One day he meets Renu in a TV show where he also reveals the story of his childhood friend. Renu becomes happy that she found him but wanted to give him a thrill by not revealing her identity. She introduces herself to him as the writer of the serial Manasantha Nuvve. He feels happy that he can take her to his sister and surprise her. Anu visits their home and she becomes a good family friend. When they actually comes to know each other, Anu's father threatens him to forget his daughter otherwise he will spoil his sister's marriage. He agrees to his proposal and rejects Anu. But Anu finds out her father is the reason for their breakup and spoils her own marriage with a minister's son and rushes to Venu. Venu is wounded by the henchmen of Anu's father and goes into coma. Finally he recuperates from coma after listening to the alarm sound given by Anu in their childhood and the couple unites.