Mr. Pellam

Balaji (Rajendra Prasad ) is a bank employee married to housewife Jhansi (Aamani ) with 2 lovely kids. He gets promoted to bank head cashier and as per the rules, gets one key for the bank vault with the other key present with bank manager (Tanikella Bharani). He celebrates it by buying a television set (the first in the colony!) but due to the treacherous and cunning plan by Bharani along with another bank employee as his aid, Balaji is found accountable to a 1 lakh loss to the bank. He gets suspended from the bank on the day of promotion itself but to his surprise, he doesn't get recruited into any other job from next day as he has a negative record. Jhanshi convinces Balaji that she'd use her B.Com qualification to get work in Annapurna Foods company, whose Managing Director is her friend from the 12th grade. She goes to meet Gopal Krishna (A.V.S), her friend in the office. After using her wit/charm/brains in tackling a business issue in the board meeting (at which she is coincidentally present), Jhansi gets the job as vice president for Sales division with a pay of 10 grand a month. She tells her husband that she secured a job with 3 grand monthly pay.
Meanwhile, Balaji challenges Jhansi that he can take care of the house as he considers it a very easy job and he struggles at home. He cannot make his kids get ready to school, cannot cook at home and cannot manage even simple chores. He hates Jhansi working in office while he sits at home, but his hands are tied. A few fights ensure between the couple over the same issues and finally after Krishnashtami celebration events at Gopal’s house, Balaji loses his rag. He accuses Jhansi that she wanted her husband to feel bad about himself which is why she took him to Gopal’s house to show him how wealthy and happy Gopal is. Jhansi gets a 20 grand bonus in office for massive increase in sales and her savings amount to 85 grand. She borrows 15K from Gopal and gives 1 lakh to Balaji asking him to submit it in the bank which makes Balaji angry. He cannot believe that even his wife would think that her husband stole the money and leaves the house. He calls Bharani from a payphone and tells him that he cracked the vile plan of theirs. Meanwhile,Jhansi takes the help of her friend Gopal and calls the bank chairman to tell him about the false case. Everything falls in line at the end and the couple patch up their differences.