Bandhukkal Sathrukkal

Bandhukkal Sathrukkal is the story of sibling rivalry between Viswabharan (Narendra Prasad) and Damodaran (Thilakan), both money lenders. The story is told by Sakshi (Jagathy Sreekumar) who appears in the scene in key moments and direct the story. Elder brother Damodaran's business is booming whereas younger brother Viswambharan is financially struggling and is an alcoholic. Their wives Kamalakshi (Zeenath) and Dakshayani (Vadivukkarasi) also maintain the animosity. Viswabharan's daughter Sheela (Rohini) is struggling with simple schizophrenia. Damodaran has 2 sons; among which the elder son Uthaman (Vijayaraghavan) is assisting father in the business while the younger son Chandran (Mukesh) is kind hearted and is interested in social activism.
Aanamala Haridas (Jayaram), a talented but struggling singer arrives in the village searching for his estranged aunt Maniyamma (K. P. A. C. Lalitha) and her daughter, Sakunthala (Rupini) . Haridas falls in love with Sheela in a case of mistaken identity, without realising that she is mentally ill. A relationship develops between Chandran and Sakunthala. When Chandran admits about his relationship with Sakunthala, his dad (Thilakan ) opposes him. Meantime Uthaman takes advantage of the situation and tells Chandran to sign a document claiming he will not trouble his dad and the family asking for any support post marriage. Uthaman gets married to Sugandhi (Beena Antony) who is the daughter of Vasu Contractor and in the first day itself she traps Uthaman in her line.
Chandran goes to Sakunthala's house along with his dad for the marriage fixation, where Damodaran insults her. Hearing onto this Haridas raises his voice and says that she is the daughter of wealthiest man Ananda Kuruppu (Innocent) who is his uncle and he will make the marriage grand.Chandran gets married to Sakuntala, after the marriage Sheela takes the garland of Chandran (who is her cousin) to Haridas's neck and declares herself married which is approved by the people.Sakuntala gets hugely insulted by Dakshayani but she stands affirm to which all succumb
Viswabharan has huge debt to be cleared and he seeks the help of Vasu Contractor who worked under him but is left empty handed. One event lead to another and finally Chandran along with his wife moves out of his home. Chandran gets to know that his brother has taken away all property is. Viswabharan comes to seek apology from his elder brother Damodaran and dies out of heart attack. Both Chandran and Hari works hard and start earning. Meanwhile, Damodaran gets to know that Vasu contractor has taken over his elder son and gets hugely heartbroken. He gets to know that all his property are taken away by them and he is left with nothing. Dakshayani is mentally disturbed and has become very violent as a result she is admitted. In a surprise event, Sheela gets recovered. Damodaran is left with nothing, but Chandran calls back his dad. Meanwhile, their home is mortgaged by bank which Ananda Kuruppu acquires. Final scene it's shown Damodaran slaps Uthaman and disowns him. While Ananda Kuruppu tells him that "Hari and Chandran have taught that there are mistakes done even by old people. hence it's time to move on". When questioned about the updates, he says Sakshi used to give an update. Finally movie ends with a beautiful snippet.