Alluda Majaka

Sitaram (Chiranjeevi) is the son of the benevolent patriarch of his village who has been the Panchayat President for the past thirty years. Sitaram, his family and the village community are victimized by Vasundhara (Lakshmi) and Peddaiah (Kota Srinivasa Rao). Peddaiah's NRI son, Siva (Chinna) comes to the village from the United States to see Pappi (Ramya Krishna), the eldest daughter of Vasundhara, and a girl of Peddaiah's choice for him to marry, but he decides instead to marry Sitaram's sister, Malleswari (Ooha), a traditional Telugu girl. Peddaiah agrees to the marriage after he realises that the ancestral land which Sitaram's father had distributed to the coolies contains priceless granite deposits. He demands the land as dowry days before the proposed marriage. Sitaram's father refuses to take it back from the coolies. Peddaiah cancels the marriage. Vasundhara is angered by Siva's choice but dupes the coolies, steals their land and makes a deal with Peddaiah. Siva's marriage is fixed with Pappi without his knowledge. Meanwhile it becomes public knowledge that Malleswari is pregnant (with Siva's child). Sitaram's father commits suicide when he realises that the coolies have lost their land. Sitaram and Malleswari move to the city, awaiting Siva's return.
Upon Siva's return, Malleswari is falsely arrested for prostitution before his eyes. Disgusted, Siva rejects her. Sitaram is framed (by Peddaiah) in the murder of a police officer and is subsequently sentenced to death. He escapes from custody and forcibly marries Pappi who is all set to get married to Siva. With the help of a lawyer, Sivarama Krishna (Giri Babu), the estranged husband of Vasundhara, Sitaram comes out of prison on parole. He is then transformed by his father-in-law into Mr. Toyota, a rich NRI on the lookout for an Indian bride, to teach Vasundhara a lesson and to resolve the multiple crises of the film. After another arrest and dramatic escape from prison, Sitaram defeats the villains and restores order. Finally, Sivarama Krishna and Vasundhara are reunited, Malleswari marries Siva and Sitaram finds himself in a bedroom with Pappi and her younger sister Bappi (Rambha).