The Horror Show

Detective Lucas McCarthy (Lance Henriksen) finally catches the serial killer named "Meat Cleaver Max" (Brion James) who killed over 100 people and watches his execution. McCarthy and the others watching the execution are shocked to see the electric chair send enough voltage through him to physically burn Max's body before finally dying. However, Max has made a deal with the devil in order to return from the grave and frame Lucas for a series of grisly murders. He also scares the McCarthy family (who have moved into a new house) and the parapsychologist they hire. The parapsychologist tells Lucas that the only hope of stopping Max for good is to destroy his spirit before Max destroys his life and family.
As the family move into their new home, Donna (Rita Taggart) searches the basement to find their cat named Gazmo, but it appears that Gazmo is missing. Every day their furnace turns on and flings the door open, with Max's spirit inside it and then he laughs. Lucas starts having hallucination’s by thinking the chicken is Max and shooting the TV into thinking that Max is on TV.
Bonnie (Dedee Pfeiffer) goes to the cellar to secretly talk to her boyfriend Vinnie, who is later killed by Max by tricking him by Bonnie’s voice. The next night, Bonnie tells Scott (Aron Eisenberg) to come with her to look for Vinnie, while Lucas goes to the basement and gets angry with Max to stay away from his family. Lucas rushes upstairs to catch Bonnie and Scott, Donna spots them and tells Bonnie and Scott to get back to bed. The next time, Bonnie goes back to the basement and finds Vinnie's dead body. Lucas is framed for the murder and arrested as he was cleared of duty for two weeks.
Max kills Scott with the meat cleaver, transforms into Bonnie’s body, kills the parapsychologist by decapitating him and holding Donna as hostage. Lucas escapes from the prison finds Scott and Bonnie and goes into the cellar, where he fights Max. Lucas sends Max to the electric machine in which his arm gets stuck into, Lucas and Donna use electrics to send more voltage into him. This causes him to appear back into the house where Lucas shoots him dead.
The next day, the McCarthy’s are moving out with Scott still alive, where a guy sends Scott many more music CD’s from Texas. Bonnie goes into the basement and runs outside to find Gazmo in the box and Lucas, Gazmo, Bonnie and Scott stand together while Donna takes a photo where the screen freezes and fades to black.