Baba

The film opens with the birth of Baba (Rajinikanth), who is a 'baba amsa sambhootudu'. Baba grows up as an atheist, hot-blooded man but a Good Samaritan. His life style includes consuming alcohol, smoking substances, chewing tobacco. His mother (Sujatha) and his maternal uncle (M. N. Nambiar) are ardent devotees of Mahavatar Babaji (the Baba who is supposed to be 2000 years old and who lives in the Himalayas). Chamundeswari (Manisha Koirala) stays in the neighborhood of Baba's residence who often quarrels with Baba but eventually falls in love with his style and falls for his attitude.
Baba involves in a physical feud with the son of the state deputy Chief minister Ippo Ramaswamy (Ashish Vidyarthi). Ramasamy is the current leader of a party in the ruling coalition. Even [Though he has only 30 seats, he feels irritating to be inferior to CM.] Ramaswamy demolishes the colony of Baba. When Baba is about to go to fight with Ramaswamy, Baba's mother urges him to maintain calm and rebuild lost colony it by working hard. Baba joins as a labor in a shop and earns money. Chamundeswari tells Baba that she is not willing to marry a daily laborer. Then Baba realizes that so far he has been only answerable for his mother. And if he gets married then he has to live for wife and kids. And he would become answerable to them. He would not be able to help for the society as he might become selfish after marriage. He feels that prema (love) is maya (illusion). He immediately breaks up with her. At that time, a weird looking sadhu comes to him and tell him that its time for getting enlightened. Baba is taken to Himalayas where he meets the real Baba. He gets frightened by the atmosphere and wishes to return to Chennai. Then real Baba grants 7 wishes to Baba. He can use any of these wishes anytime he wishes to utilize. Baba is sent back to Chennai. Baba still could not believe that he went to Himalayas met real Baba. He uses that mantra to test the power by wishing a flying kite to come and fall in his hand. He waits for a few seconds and decide that it was all his illusion. Later the kite follows him to his house and falls on his hand. He feels that its coincidental and tries the mantra again to a different kite and wishes it to fall on his lap. He goes into his house and closes all the possible entries in the house. But the kite makes its way and falls on his lap. His 3rd wish is to make a popular woman, Neelambari, ask him what the time is. His 4th wish is to get lakhs of money. He makes his 5th wish (to develop his locality's infrastructure) to test his uncle's words. It is only after this wish comes true that he realizes the existence of God. In the meantime, deputy chief minister Ramaswamy comes to know about it. He and another corrupt politician call a Tantrik (Amrish Puri) to foil Baba's magical powers.
The sixth wish is used to revive a newlywed Japanese neighbor fighting for his life. Purushottaman, Ramaswamy's boss and the current Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, wants to become the permanent chief minister of the state using Baba's boons. He also tries to kill Baba but this attempt fails due to the blessings of Babaji. Then comes the state general election. baba's associates urge him to use the final wish to become the permanent CM himself as the state would be great under him. But Baba uses the last wish to Kanthan, an old honest party member of Ippo Ramasamy( who had always been sidelined )to become next CM with single greater majority. Then, by the wish,Ippo Ramasamy's paralysed father (The first leader of party) wants to prove that the older generation are better as his son is reckless. He gives his party command to Kanthan, telling him to ask for 120 seats (assembly majority is 118) in the current coalition and obviously break the coalition. Ramasamy's then attacks Kanthan and is dismissed from the party. The elections come and Kanthan becomes CM. Once his wishes are used up, Baba has the choice of living with Babaji at the Himalayas or returning to his life in the material world. But when Baba is just about to ascend to the Himalayas, the villains kill the loyal chief minister. Baba turns back and the film ends with the tag "To be continued....".