Rustum

The movie starts with Ganga Rayudu (Rao Gopal Rao), the village panchayat head, judges a dispute between Musalaiah (Mikkilineni) and a Rowdy Gangaiah (Jagga Rao) that Musalaiah left the village under some unknown circumstances and returned after 15 years, he learns that his property (house & farm) was owned illegally by a Gangaiah and him is not willing to give the property back to Musalaiah, hence they came to Panchayat. Rayudu supports the Gangaiah and does injustice to Musalaiah, having no enough power to face the Rayudu, he again leaves the village.
A newcomer Hari (Chiranjeevi) enters into the village and fights with the Gangaiah and owns his property and does well to the village people. Village people start calling him as Rustum. Hari works for the village welfare and acts promptly for any help needed. Rayudu sets a trap to kick Hari out of the village. As a part of his trap, Rayudu gives the village head post to Hari. Meanwhile, Hari & Padma (Urvashi) daughter of Rayudu falls in love and Hari also gets closer to Brahmaiah Naidu (Gummadi) & Parvathi (Annapoorna), a couple that is affected by Rayudu’s injustice. Once Hari is suspected as the cause of a village girl’s Lakshmi (Rajyalakshmi) pregnant and her suicide hence Hari was asked to leave the village. Even the Padma suspects the Hari. In the trial to prove that he is not the reason behind the Lakshmi's suicide, he knows that Giri (Giri Babu), son of Rayudu is the main reason. Rayudu fixes up Rudraiah (Satyanarayana), younger brother of Brahmaiah Naidu who just gets released from prison, to kill Hari.
Meanwhile, Giri goes to city and tracks down Musalaiah and why Hari came to the Village. Giri knows the whole loop that Hari, is none other than Brahmaiah Naidu’s son. Once when he was a kid, sees a murder done by Rayudu and Hari escape from the murder spot. Musalaiah, who is Brahmaiah Naidu’s servant, protects Hari and takes him to the city. Searching for his son at the same time, Brahmaiah Naidu comes to murder spot and as per Rayudu’s fixes up Rudraiah as the murderer, even Brahmaiah Naidu also believes that Rudraiah as the murderer and hence gets him arrested. Musalaiah, Rudraiah, and Hari plan to treat a good lesson to Rayudu and do good to the village. As a part of their plan, Rudraiah and Hari fights as if they are real opponents. But when Rayudu comes to know the truth from Giri, he kidnaps the whole Hari’s entire family. Knowing the truth, Padma helps Hari in proving the reality of Rayudu. After the climax fight, there is a twist that Hari enters as a Police Inspector and arrests Rayudu.