Miruthan

The Plot opens with a stray dog becoming a violent Alien-like creature, after drinking toxic fumes washed out by a scientific laborarory in Ooty, which then bites a security guard. The security guard turns into a zombie momentarily and starts a chain of human infections via bites.
Back to the present, Karthik (Jayam Ravi) is a Traffic Police Officer in Ooty who avoids all kinds of dangers as he takes care of his younger sister Vidhya (Anikha Surendran), who is in her early teens. Both are orphans but they live with Karthik's Comic Constable Friend Chinnamalai (Kaali Venkat). He is in love with a doctor named Renuka (Lakshmi Menon) but never proposes in all their meetings. Renu is engaged and is about to get married to an NRI named Naveen (Amit Bhargav), who is also Cardiologist. Meanwhile, Karthik's sister is kidnapped and is suspected to be attacked by the zombies. The police of Ooty decides to shoot the people who have turned into zombies. Karthik is also looking for his sister and also kills some zombies. He receives a call in which he is told to arrive at a place to find his sister. There he finds Renu and her group of doctors, including the chief doctor Dharan (Jeeva Ravi) finding a vaccine. Karthik also finds his sister and later comes to know that the doctors are trapped inside the house which is invaded by zombies.
At that moment, the chief doctor Dharan is attacked by a zombie but does not reveal anyone. With Karthik, Dharan, Renu, another doctor Kamal (Raghavan Durairaj), Renu's father and Minister Gurumoorthy (R. N. R. Manohar), Karthik's friend and sister, the group head to Kovai (Coimbatore), they are to use medical equipments to find a cure. When they came near Mettuplayam, they were schocked that zombie has spread in Coimbatore. The zombies get up in the van, and Karthik uses the van to kill the zombies one by one. Minister Gurumoorthy, unknowingly disturbs some zombies and Karthik is lead to shoot them. Then they are forced to take shelter in the mall, opposite to the hospital. Meanwhile, Naveen is inside the hospital trying to find the vaccine. They get hold of a frightened security guard of the mall (Sriman). After a few hours, Dharan turns into a zombie and attacks Karthik's sister. Karthik kills Dharan with his gun but Vidhya does not turn into a zombie despite the fact that she was attacked almost an hour ago. Kamal says that she will be able to help them in finding the vaccine as she has the required antibodies and immunity power. Because of that, Karthik had to escort them to the Hospital which faces the mall. For this, he is using pressurised water from the Mall's Fire Truck knowing that they are allergic to water. Despite the reduced time, Karthik manages to bring everyone safely to the hospital except Renu. He goes back to the mall to bring Renu. But he does that without any water source. So, he gets Renu to the Hospital but is attacked by the zombies while escorting her. He himself slowly turns into a zombie. But he safely escorts her to the hospital before his human feelings lose and also advices Renuka to get rid of him and shoot him. But she is too adamant to know the reason why he had saved her despite the uncaring Naveen's attempts and her timid father and Renu realises his love for her (by seeing a photo in his wallet as per instructions of Vidhya, when she thought that she would die "that he should be united with the person in the photo" which is Renuka herself and she comes to know he is the traffic police whom she thought to be good person all long.) but he becomes a complete zombie and attacks her thus Renu shoots him.
The doctors find the required antidote and start converting the zombies back to humans. Later, Karthik, now completely a zombie, is seen on the top of a bus which is going to Chennai, implying that Renuka did not shoot Karthik properly and hence he has survived the attack, alluding towards a possible sequel.