Aisha

Aisha (Sonam Kapoor) is a young, rich, upper class woman who believes that she is perfectly suited for match-making – amongst her friends in particular. Her superficial lifestyle and match-making schemes are constantly criticized by her friend/neighbor Arjun (Abhay Deol), who advises her to stop meddling with the lives of other people. Soon, she has a new project - trying to make a match between her middle class, small town friend Shefali (Amrita Puri) and a rich business owner, Randhir (Cyrus Sahukar). Aisha creates various circumstances to make Shefali and Randhir fall in love. During one such occasion, she meets her aunt's step-son Dhruv Singh (Arunoday Singh), whom she becomes attracted to. In the mean-time, Arjun introduces Aisha to one of his colleagues, Aarti Menon (Lisa Haydon), who is from New York. Aisha feels threatened by Aarthi's presence and is very antagonistic towards her.
Randhir organizes a river rafting camp for everyone, and Aisha uses this as a chance to get Randhir and Shefali to spend more time together. One night during the camp, Randhir takes Aisha for a walk and then confesses his love for her. Confused and taken aback by Randhir's feelings for her, Aisha starts to doubt her match making skills. Arjun comes to know of the incident and gets angry at Aisha, criticizing her for once again meddling with the lives of others, and playing with Shefali's feelings. Aisha tries to console a heart broken Shefali, who had previously turned down a marriage proposal in order to be with Randhir, on Aisha's advice. As time passes, Pinky (Ira Dubey), Aisha's best friend, starts to develop feelings for Randhir and eventually they are engaged. This causes a problem between Pinky and Aisha, and they stop speaking to each other.
Disheartened with her previous failed match making attempt, Aisha tries to match up Shefali with Dhruv. Shefali comes to know of Aisha's plan and confronts her, telling Aisha that she never viewed her as a friend, rather as a project, someone who she tried to mold and fix. Shefali then declares that she has feelings for Arjun. This greatly confuses and hurts Aisha, since she realises that she has been in love with Arjun all this time. Aisha realises that she has been selfish and arrogant all along, playing with the emotions and feelings of her friends. She goes back to her best friend, Pinky, and apologizes for her actions. Dhruv and Aarthi get engaged, but Aisha chooses not to attend since she thinks that Arjun will be there with Shefali. After a late night conversation with her father, Aisha decides spontaneously to go to the engagement and declare her feelings to Arjun. She meets Shefali, who tells her that love cannot be forced or planned, and also reveals that she has found her love in Saurabh, her childhood friend whose proposal she had previously turned down. Later that night, Arjun and Aisha meet and reminisce about their childhood and friendship, and ultimately declare their love for each other. The movie ends one year later, at Dhruv and Aarthi's wedding, where Aisha states that love is spontaneous and never goes according to plan.