Mooga Nomu

Venu (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) is the only son of Rao Bahadoor Raja Veera Venkata Satyanarayana Gopalam (S. V. Ranga Rao), the Zamindar of Ratnagiri. Gauri (Jamuna) is the daughter of Somaiah (Chittoor V. Nagaiah), a farmer in their estate. They fall in love and Venu marries Gauri secretly in a temple. After that Venu has to go abroad for higher studies. During his absence, ZAmindar learns of the marriage and orders Gauri to forget his son, due to gratitude on Zamindar Gauri promises never to mention their marriage to anyone. At that time Gauri is pregnant, Zamindar arranges for the stay of Somaiah and Gauri in a nearby town, where Gauri gives birth to a baby boy, to protect Gauri from insults Somaiah leaves the baby in an orphanage and lies that the child died.
Meanwhile, Venu returns, he learns that Gauri and his enquiries lead him to believe that Gauri had led an immoral life. Grief-stricken, he travels from place to place to forget Gauri and takes to drinking as a last resort. After 8 years Venu & Gauri's son Gopi (Master Brahmaji) grows up into an intelligent boy and is living in the orphanage. Gauri becomes a teacher in the same school and feels attracted to Gopi. Venu is invited to the orphanage by Sowkar Subbaiah, a rich merchant who wants to marry his daughter Rajani (Vennira Aadai Nirmala) to him, to preside over a school function. Venu takes a fascination for Gopi who acts in the school drama. After the drama ends, he encounters Gauri again and orders to dismiss her.
Due to unknown affection, Venu takes Gopi with him to his house. Gopi's insistence, Venu stops drinking and to give him a mother, also decides to marry Rajani. A seriously ill Somaiah confesses to Gowri that her child is not dead and reveals the identity of Gopi. Gauri tries to contact him but does not find him in the orphanage. In the local temple, Gauri meets Gopi and tells him that she is his mother. On learning from him that Venu is bringing him up and is marrying shortly to find him a mother, she asks him not to mention anything about her. While preparations were going on for the marriage, Rajani comes to know from Gopi that he is the son of Venu. The news of this conflict spreads in the village.
On learning this, Somaiah rushes to the palace to own the boy. Gauri who has followed takes Gopi and tries to move away when she is intercepted by Venu who demands the boy back. Venu refuses to believe that Gopi is Gauri’s son and abuses for her shameless life. Zamindar observes that even in such a humiliating situation, Gauri is silent and does not breathe a word about her promise to him. He is moved and acknowledges the truth. Finally, Gopi unites his parents.