Arjun

Unemployed but tolerant and kind hearted Arjun Malvankar (Sunny Deol) stays in the suburbs of Bombay with his father and step mother and step sister. Mr. Malvankar (A.K. Hangal) still works at an old age to make both ends meet.
One day, Arjun beats up a group of ruffians who are thrashing a poor man for not paying extortion taxes. With this incident, Arjun's life changes. Arjun invokes the wrath of the local goon, who orders more people to go and beat him, but this time he is assisted by five of friends, Arjun beats them up badly and sends them back. The goons warn Arjun's parents to advise him against his activities, lest he gets himself killed.
Arjun is arrested but let off with a warning by the cops. However, a new inspector, Ravi Rane (Raj Kiran), notes that Arjun is actually doing the right thing. He also begins to fall in love with Arjun's sister. Arjun is also approached by Geeta (Dimple Kapadia), a journalist who asks him for a favour which he obliges, and after which they both get close to each other.
The chief minister Deen Dayal Trivedi (Prem Chopra), who is behind all illegal activities in the city, and who is also supporting the don, gets to know of Arjun. He thinks that Arjun is working for his rival Shiv Kumar Chowgule (Anupam Kher), whose party is trying to get nominated for the upcoming elections, and orders that he and his friends should be eliminated. The gang attacks and kills one of Arjun's friends, Mohan (Satyajeet), in public. Though Arjun tries his best, no one comes forward to give witness to the murder out of fear, because of which the killers are left free. Arjun goes and beats up the killers till he is stopped by police.
Now Arjun is approached by Shiv Kumar Chowgule and his right-hand man, Babu Ram (Annu Kapoor), but is simply turned down. Soon Arjun's family kicks him out of the house, and with nowhere to go, he agrees to go with Chowgule, thinking that the latter is an honest and upright person trying to eliminate the wicked Trivedi and all his activities in the city. With Arjun to help him, Chowgule destroys all of Trivedi's activities. He breaks up Trivedi's Matka den operated by his trusted aides, Anoop (Paresh Rawal). He also manages to lay hold of Anand Patkar (Shafi Inamdar), a wealthy alcoholic who is part of the nomination committee for elections and on Trivedi's side. The enraged Trivedi orders Anoop to murder Anand, which he does but unfortunately gets caught red handed by police.
The film takes a twist when Arjun sees that Chowgule has joined hands with Trivedi and that none of the evidence he collected has really been published anywhere, as promised by Chowgule. He realizes that the politician is a corrupt person who was using him for his own gains. The car and house given to Arjun are also confiscated.
Frustrated and angered, Arjun goes to fight the politicians at their speech rally but is simply thrown out. At home with Geeta, Arjun is visited by his father, who tells him that all his life he has borne wrongdoings and injustice. He blesses his son, telling him that he is with him in the fight against injustice.
The film then reaches its climax, where Arjun breaks into Trivedi's house and beats him up, then proceeds to Chowgule's mansion, where he beats up the politician and takes away all the files and evidence of both Chowgule's and Trivedi's bad activities. However, wounded Chowgule orders his men to chase Arjun and kill him. Arjun is now on the run in the empty streets of Bombay at night, with goons hot on his heels. They manage to shoot him a couple of times, but Arjun still runs. He manages to evade them, causing their vehicles to crash, until finally he kills the last goon and arrives at Inspector Ravi's Police station, where he collapses and gives him the evidence. Chowgule and Trivedi are finally arrested.
The film ends with Ravi giving Arjun a thumbs up in hospital.