Krishna Babu

Krishna Babu (Nandamuri Balakrishna) is the head of the village Krishnapuram, whose word is an ordinance to the entire village. He stays along with his maternal uncle Chandraiah (Chandra Mohan). Krishna Babu is in love with a beautiful girl Rama (Meena), the daughter of the head master of Village (AVS). Sarvarayudu (Ramireddy) is the step-maternal uncle of Krishna Babu, who has a family feud with Krishna Babu because he always gives a tough fight to him. Vijay (Abbas) younger brother of Krishna Babu studying at Hyderabad falls in love with his classmate Shilpa (Raasi). Meantime, Krishna Babu & Rama get engaged, during that time Rama’s uncle (Narra Venkateswara Rao) who is a Jailor interrupts and reveals that Krishna Babu is a murderer and was in jail for his criminal offense.
Now Krishna Babu elaborates his past, his father (Ranganath) was Zamindar of the village who is a flirt and started having a lady as a keep in his own house. Both of them have a child now-other than Vijay. But Krishna Babu treats him as his own. Sarvarayudu is the brother of the keep who plans to kill Krishna Babu’s mother (Delhi Rajeswari) by poisoning but by mistake, Krishna Babu’s father dies. The blame is put on Krishna Babu and sent 14 years of imprisonment. Seeing this his mother also dies with the heart attack. Meanwhile, Sarvarayudu murders his sister also Vijay became an orphan, Krishna Babu instructs Chandraiah to take his responsibility. After 14 years he returns back to his village to take the reins of the kind-hearted leader of Krishnapuram by winning the goodwill of village men.
After knowing this everyone sheds with tears towards Krishna Babu and engagement is over on a happy note. Now Sarvarayudu is on fire seeing, so he kidnaps Rama. Krishna Babu goes to her rescue but in the fight, he kills Rama by mistake. Krishna Babu is again sent to jail for 7 years. By this time Vijay is sent to the US for higher studies. Before leaving he explains Shilpa that he cannot get married to her and convinces her to marry someone else. Meantime the ex-warden (Sutti Velu) of Krishna Babu comes and meets him who is the father of Shilpa. For the good conduct in his jail, Krishna Babu is released much earlier before reaching home he meets his ex-warden in death bed before dying leaves Shilpa’s responsibility to Krishna Babu. So he takes Shilpa to the village.
As Krishna Babu is mentally wrought with the agony of struggles he is going through, Shilpa makes him the man with the smile by helping him to regain the composure of a normal man. Villagemen starts questioning the relationship between Krishna Babu & Shilpa. Upon Chandraiah's request, Krishna Babu & Shilpa get ready to marry. At the same time, Vijay returns from foreign, gets shocked looking at Shilpa and decides to sacrifice his love for his brother. All the friends of Vijay are invited to marriage and they reveal the truth to Krishna Babu. Finally, Krishna Babu makes the marriage of Vijay & Shilpa eliminates Sarvarayudu and implicate himself for the third time.