The Wrong Trousers

Eccentric inventor Wallace (Peter Sallis) has devised a mechanism to dress him each morning. He gives his intelligent dog Gromit a pair of "techno trousers", robotic legs, to take him for walks.
To pay their debts, Wallace decides to advertise their spare bedroom to let. The room is taken by an inscrutable penguin, who irritates Gromit by pushing him out of his own room and playing loud music. The penguin takes an interest in the techno trousers after seeing Gromit use their suction feet to walk on the ceiling while decorating. After Gromit is driven from the house, the penguin secretly rewires the techno trousers for radio control.
While Gromit hunts for lodgings, he discovers a wanted poster offering a reward for the capture of a criminal chicken by the name of Feathers McGraw. In fact, the "chicken" is the lodger penguin, who disguises himself with a rubber glove on his head.
Wallace's morning routine is interrupted when Feathers replaces his clothes with the techno trousers and sends him on an extended test run. Gromit spies on Feathers as he takes measurements of the city museum. Gromit returns home and discovers Feathers' plans to steal a diamond from the museum.
While Wallace sleeps, Feathers marches him to the museum and uses the trousers to infiltrate the building. He uses a remotely operated crane claw to capture the diamond, but triggers the alarm, waking Wallace. Feathers marches him back to the house and, armed with a gun, traps him and Gromit in a wardrobe.
Gromit rewires the trousers to make them march and break open the wardrobe. He and Wallace chase Feathers aboard their model train set. Wallace confiscates Feathers' gun and frees himself from the trousers. After Feathers' train collides with the trousers, he is captured in a bottle, arrested, and imprisoned in the city zoo. Wallace and Gromit celebrate paying off their debts with the reward money while the techno trousers, consigned to the dustbin, walk off into the sunset.