Everyone's Going to Die

We first see Melanie (Nora Tschirner), a young German woman who's moved to an English seaside town to be with her fiancé, dressed as Charlie Chaplin, the morning after a party. Her fiancé has left her there, which is where she meets Ali (Kellie Shirley) who offers to find her a job waitressing. She seems to be drifting, with no job, money or friends - her aimless existence broken up by supervising her fiancé's niece – a task that she doesn't appear to relish.
She meets 50-something Ray (Rob Knighton), when he offers to pay for the coffee that she can't afford. Ray looks and sounds like a clichéd East End hitman, and we soon learn that it's not far from the truth... but it's not the whole truth. Ray has returned to the town he grew up in to pay his respects to his recently deceased brother's family.
Their relationship grows slowly, as they reveal confidences, share awkward, darkly funny situations (meeting Ray's eccentric relatives) and enjoy being together.
When Ray & Melanie meet Ray's niece Laura (Madeline Duggan) it sparks a new effort in Ray to deal with his family past. For Laura, it’s her chance to find a confidante in her uncle. After a long day together, where they are closer than ever, Melanie gets a call from Ali saying there is a job going at the restaurant she works at, Beavers. Reluctantly, Melanie says yes and leaves Ray to start work as a roller skating waitress. It’s rock bottom for her, and later that night she leaves and wanders to ‘their spot’, on the harbour. Only to find Ray there, in a similar state of mind. This is the turning point for both of them. Melanie jumps into the harbour to challenge Ray’s fear of water. He jumps in after her and together they agree now is the time to stop looking back and start looking forward. Melanie goes home and packs her things – not a lot admittedly – while Ray attends to his own unfinished business. As Melanie takes the train out of town she looks out at the landscape speeding past, whilst a familiar figure walks through the carriage.