Manchi Chedu

The film begins on a couple Kutumba Rao (Nagabhushanam) and Sarada (T. R. Rajakumari) who do not have children. Kutumba Rao’s cousin (Chaya Devi) asks him to marry him again with her daughter Pankajam. Sarada agrees for his second marriage and leaves the house. Meanwhile, Kutumba Rao goes to village Kondagunta to meet his brother who is on deathbed. He writes his entire property on his son Madhu and keeps Kutumaba Rao as guardian, but he takes the property and throws away the child. Fortunately, Sarada finds this boy and rears him without knowing his identity, at that time she comes to know that she is pregnant. Happily, she comes back to home but by the time Kutumba Rao marries Pankaja, desperate Sharada returns back. After that Sarada gives birth to a boy, the two children Madhu and Gopi start growing. Gopi hears from his mother about their father he becomes a rage and when he hears a person getting re-married throws a stone on him and the person is dead. Gopi was sent to Borstal School. After ten years Gopi (N. T. Rama Rao) comes out of jail and joins in a gang, Madhu (Ramana Murthy) becomes VDO at Kondagunta. Kutumba Rao with the help of goon Kaali doing crimes in the village, Chandra, (Sarada) sister of Kaali loves Madhu. Manju (B. Saroja Devi) a dancer performs a program in the village for fundraising while going back she was obstructed by goons Gopi rescues her, both of them fall in love. Parallelly, Madhu takes back all the fields occupied by Kutumba Rao so, he sends Kaali to kill Madhu, in the last minute Kaali comes to know that his sister is in love with Madhu, so, changes his decision and joins with Madhu.
Meanwhile, Manju’s mother (Pushpavalli) knows that her daughter is loving a thief, so, she requests Gopi to step down from Manju's life, he agrees for it then Manju goes into depression and becomes sick day by day. Kutumba Rao comes to know that Kaali and Madhu became friends, so, he uses Gopi to trap Madhu in a false allegation and Madhu is arrested. But Gopi by heart good in nature comes to know that innocence of Madhu and decides to protect him where he comes to know that Madhu is his brother and Sarada is his mother. Gopi meets Sarada and says Kutumba Rao is responsible for this and he does not have any right to live. At the same Manju’s mother also understands Gopi's honesty and her daughter's love is true so, she gives money for Madhu's release and makes their marriage arrangements at night. After releasing Madhu, Gopi starts to Kutumba Rao’s home, Sarada also follows him where she meets her husband, Kutumba Rao burst's out for his mistakes and says sorry to Sarada. In the process of eliminating Kutumba Rao Gopi could not reach the wedding on time, desperate Manju takes poison, everybody reaches there before dying Gopi ties the wedding chain to Manju when he about to kill Kutumaba Rao, Gopi comes to know that Kutumba Rao is his father. Finally, Gopi also follows Manju showing that they are immortal.