Nee Jathaga Nenundali

A large crowd is waiting for Raghava Jairam(Sachiin J Joshi) – a successful singer and musician whose career is waning because of his alcohol addiction – to perform at a stage show in Goa. After nearly completing a song, he is unexpectedly interrupted by Varun(Aadarsh balakrishna), who was losing his career due to Raghav's, during his performance. Raghav fights him, stops his performance, and drives to a local bar. He meets Gayathri Nandan(Nazia), a bar singer who idolises Raghava. After noticing Gayathri looking at a photograph of Lata Mangeshkar in the bar, he assumes that she wants to become a singer. Impressed by her simplicity and voice, Raghava promises to transform her into a singing sensation, and asks her never to perform again in bars. Due to his assurance, Gayathri leaves her job and returns to hyderabad with Rahul, who convinces record producer Suresh (Rao Ramesh) to meet her. When Aarohi calls Raghava, he is attacked and injured by some thugs, and is unable to receive her call. His friend and manager Vivek (Shashank) says that news of Raghav's accident should not be leaked to the media, and instead publicises a false story that Raghav has left the country to participate in stage shows. When Gayathri attempts to contact Raghav again, Vivek ignores the calls. After two months of futilely attempting to contact Raghav, a broken Gayathri is forced to sing in bars again because of her family problems. Meanwhile, Raghav recovers from his injuries and Raghav again starts the search for Gayathri. He learns that Gayathri is working in a bar again and that Vivek had ignored her calls without informing him. Raghav apologises to Gayathri and fires Vivek, and they meet with Suresh for the recording agreement. Raghav begins to train Gayathri, who signs a music contract to sing in films and becomes a successful playback singer. Her family and Ragahv are happy, but when people begin to gossip that Raghav is using her as a servant, he relapses into alcohol addiction. Gayathri, who loves Ragahav more than her career, comforts him and they spend the night together. Despite Gayathri mother's disapproval, Gayathri moves in with Ragahav and things go well until Raghav's addiction worsens, causing him to become aggressive and violent. To help Raghav fight his alcoholism, Gayathri attempts to rehabilitate Raghav, sacrificing her singing career in doing so. After Suresh reminds them about their dream of Gayathri becoming a successful singer, Ragahv orders her to focus on her work. During Gayathri's stage show, Raghav meets a journalist backstage, who accuses him of using Gayathri for pleasure and money. Furious, Raghav beats up the journalist and starts drinking. He ends up in jail, and Gayathri comes to bail him out. Raghav overhears Gayathri telling Suresh that she is going to leave her career for him and is ready to give up her celebrity status because Raghav is more important to her. Raghav understands that he has become a burden in her life, and that leaving her is his only option to save her. The next day, he bids her farewell by assuring her that he will change his lifestyle and dies in aroad accident.Distraught by Raghav's death, Gayathri decides to leave her career but Vivek persuades her to stay. He reminds her that Raghav wanted her to become a successful singer and killed himself as he did not want to be a burden on her and remain an obstacle in the path of her success. Gaythri agrees, and returns to singing.After four years she has a 4-year-old boy whose name is Raghava Jairam