Sirithal Rasipen

Boopathy Pandian (M. S. Bhaskar) is a strict father who uses the whip abundantly on anyone who disobeys him. His wife Lakshmy (Lakshmy Ramakrishnan) is bedridden, he has two good-for-nothing sons Rama (Mayilsamy) and Krishna (Lollu Sabha Balaji), two daughters-in-law and two daughters. He is against love marriages since his own sister Eshwari (Kalpana) ran away with the sorcerer Vikramadithyan (Thyagu), who is now his arch-enemy. His younger daughter Divya (Sunu Lakshmi) is in love with Siddhu (Sathya), the son of the family manager (Manobala). The night, the lovers secretly meet without the authoritarian Boopathy Pandian knowing. Boopathy Pandian then suspects Vikramadithyan's son Purushothaman of stalking his daughter. When Boopathy Pandian warns Vikramadithyan to whip again him as he did when Vikramadithyan got married with his sister, Vikramadithyan swears that his son will marry his younger daughter Divya at any cost.
One day, Boopathy Pandian finds out an unsigned love letter to Divya. Boopathy Pandian whips his daughter and suspects Purushothaman for writing it, but Purushothaman claims that he has never gone to school and he is an illiterate. Boopathy Pandian decides to hire rowdies to protect his daughter. Therefore, the four clumsy rowdies : Maaja (Mahanadi Shankar), Goda Govindan (Crane Manohar), Bruce Lee (Velmurugan) and Karadi (Bonda Mani) come to his house. Boopathy Pandian then learns that Siddhu is Divya's lover and feels betrayed by Siddhu for whom he had high regard. Thereafter, Boopathy Pandian meets his old friend Thangaraj (Shanmugarajan) and he accepts his daughter Divya to get married with Thangaraj's NRI son Rajendran (Kovai Babu). Later, Rajendran comes back home with his newly-wed wife. The greedy Thangaraj, who wants all Boopathy Pandian's wealth, drives his newly-wed daughter-in-law away and Rajendran accepts for the marriage. In the meantime, Boopathy Pandian's daughter Viji (Ansiba Hassan) elopes with the rowdy Maaja and they secretly get married.
The day of the wedding, Purushothaman with his parents on one side and Siddhu with the four clumsy rowdies on the other decide to stop the wedding between Divya and the greedy Rajendran. Divya pleaded with her sisters and mother to let her get married with Siddhu. They accept and help her to elope with Siddhu. Later, Lakshmy convinces Purushothaman to forget Divya, therefore Purushothaman decides to help Divya and Siddhu but Boopathy Pandian, Thangaraj and Rajendran are hell bent on stopping this elopement. Boopathy Pandian then realises that Thangaraj and Rajendran tried to cheat him and cancels the wedding.
Many months later, Divya is happily married to Siddhu and she is pregnant. Boopathy Pandian becomes a nice person and makes peace with Vikramadithyan.