The Grand Seduction

The story begins with Murray French as a young boy, narrating about his father, one of the fishermen in the small community of Tickle Head, Newfoundland. Murray feels that the community has a shared sense of purpose and an ethic of hard work, and notes his parents' domestic bliss.
Several years later, the men of Tickle Head (including Murray) line up at the town's post office to receive welfare cheques from post office clerk Kathleen and cash them with bank branch manager Henry Tilley. Adding to the indignity, Murray's wife is separating from him for a job in St. John's. At a town meeting, the mayor tells Murray that a petrochemical factory was being negotiated for the town, but that the company requires a doctor to be resident there, and the community has been trying unsuccessfully for 8 years to find one. Murray resolves that the factory, and thus the doctor, are the solution to his troubles. He later observes the mayor surreptitiously leaving town with his family for a job in St. John's as well.
In St. John's, Dr. Paul Lewis, a plastic surgeon, is flying home after being part of a winning team in a cricket competition, when a security agent finds cocaine in his luggage. The agent is the former mayor of Tickle Head, who makes a deal with Lewis. In exchange for overlooking the possession of cocaine, Dr. Lewis agrees to live in the town for one month. Murray arranges for the "seduction" of Dr. Lewis to a long-term contract, lying to the townspeople that this will guarantee the choice of Tickle Head as the location for the new factory. As part of the ruse, he convinces the townspeople to pretend to play cricket, the doctor's favourite sport, and also taps the doctor's phone to learn more ways to entice him to stay.
The executive of the petrochemical company visits the town and tells Murray, posing as the mayor, that the rival town of St. Anne has made a more attractive offer, including a bribe. The executive demands a bribe of $100,000 before the plant will be awarded to Tickle Head, as well as expressing concern about a population in Tickle Head that is too small for the factory. Henry's bank denies the request for a loan, and when Henry presses the issue, tells him that he could be replaced with an ATM, leading Henry to approve the loan against bank instructions, knowing he will be fired.
Meanwhile, the town's deception and favourable attention do persuade Lewis to stay, helped also by the discovery that his fiancée Helen has been cheating on him with his best friend. But when he accepts the position in front of the whole town, in a speech praising their authenticity and integrity, Murray ashamedly lies and tells him that another doctor has already accepted the position. Kathleen then tells Lewis the truth, revealing the deceptions, causing Lewis to angrily confront Murray just as the executive is signing the paperwork for the factory. After an impassioned speech by Murray, the doctor agrees to stay, and the company agrees to build the factory.
Some time later, the factory has opened, bringing dignity to the town again. Murray has been reunited with his wife, and there is a job for Henry, who has been replaced with an ATM. The film ends with a satisfied ending similar to Murray's opening flashback.