The Duchess

The young Georgiana is contracted in marriage to William Cavendish, Duke of Devonshire, with the expectation that she produce his male heir. Georgiana is quickly disillusioned by her husband when Charlotte, a motherless child, comes to live with them while Georgiana is pregnant. William expects Georgiana to mother the child — his illegitimate child. When Georgiana gives birth to a girl, William is displeased.
Georgiana socializes with the young Lady Bess Foster at Bath and kindly invites her to live with them, since Bess has no where else to go. William has an affair with Bess, causing Georgiana to feel robbed of her only friend. Bess explains to Georgiana that her motive is to regain contact with her three sons and continues to live with them.
Georgiana starts an affair with Charles Grey. William is outraged when Georgiana suggests that since he has Bess, she should be allowed Charles as a distraction. William rapes Georgiana; a male child is the product.
Bess encourages the affair between Georgiana and Charles after the birth of Georgiana's son. Soon, the whole of London society come to know of Georgiana's affair. William threatens to end Charles' political career and to forbid Georgiana from seeing her children again if she does not end the relationship. After initially resisting, Georgiana realizes what Bess meant about there being no limit what one will do for their children. Georgiana ends her relationship with Grey, but tells William that she is pregnant with Charles' child. She is sent to the countryside where she secretly gives birth to their daughter, Eliza Courtney, who is given to the Grey family to raise as Charles' niece.
Georgiana finds comfort in Bess' friendship during her time of giving birth to Eliza. Georgiana and William come to terms with one another and, along with Bess, continue their lives together.
In the aftercredits, we find out Georgiana secretly visits her daughter Eliza. Eliza goes on to name her own daughter Georgiana, after her mother. Charles later becomes Prime Minister of the United Kingdom under William IV. Georgiana gives permission for William and Bess to marry before she dies.