Vaana

Abhiram (Vinay Rai) is the only son of Uma (Jayasudha) and Babji (Naresh). On a visit to a mall amidst a heavy wind, he spots a pretty girl, Nandini (Meera Chopra). Whilst staring at her, he inadvertently falls into a manhole. Nandini rescues him from the pit, but in the process loses her heart-shaped watch she had just bought.
While accompanying his mother to Araku, Abhi confronts a man named Jaanu (Ajay). Jaanu, who has been following Nandini, beats up Abhi mistaking him to be dating Nandini. Abhi, unaware that Jaanu has vowed not to allow any one near Nandini, thrashes Jaanu and his gang in return.
In Araku, Abhi meets Nandini unexpectedly. He identifies himself and expresses his love and offers to tie the watch as an indication of his intention to marry her. Nandini, who is already engaged, rejects his proposal. Still, Abhi vows to marry Nandini if she meets him again. Abhi's mother takes him to her friend Bharathi’s (Seetha) house. There, Abhi discovers that his host in Araku, Col. Choudary (Suman), is Nandini's father, that he is deaf and that Nandini's marriage is only a week away. Dejected, Abhi throws Nandini's watch away. Nandini calls him and asks him to meet her. Delighted, Abhi goes in search of her watch. While searching for it, he spots a rabbit, which he names Devadas and brings it along with him. Eventually he finds the watch.
Since Nandini's friends are due to arrive from Mumbai for the marriage, Abhi takes Nandini to the railway station. The train from Mumbai is delayed by five hours, so Nandini and Abhi decide to visit a nearby temple. While returning from the temple, Abhi and Nandini are caught in rain. An old couple offers them shelter inside their hut. Abhi, still in two minds about expressing his love to Nandini, grabs few toddy bottles, goes out in rain and starts drinking. When Nandini walks towards an intoxicated Abhi, offering an umbrella, he tells her that he'd better stay away from Nandini to keep from making a move on her.
Nandini is now in love with Abhi and is in a dilemma as her wedding is in a few days. She requests him to take her to the top of a waterfall and expresses her love to him, standing at the edge of the waterfall.
Abhi, intent on marrying Nandini, takes her father for a morning jog to discuss his marriage with Nandini. But Choudary, a heart patient, tells Abhi that he is expected to die anytime and his only wish is to get Nandini married off to Gautam (Diganth). On the night before the marriage, Abhi drives away without taking Devadas. He then starts drinking in a bar. He finds Gautam asking the bar-owner for directions to Choudary's home. When Jaanu tries to kill Gautam, Abhi saves Gautam and convinces himself that only Gautam is suitable to marry Nandini.
The following day, Abhi drops Gautam at the marriage venue but declines to attend Gautam's marriage. Gautam asks for the heart-shaped watch as a remembrance but Abhi refuses to give it and leaves. As he is leaving, Nandini asks Abhi if he told their story to her father, to which Abhi replies that he doubted her love. Hurt, Nandini tells him not to show his face again. With tears in her eyes, she gets married to Gautam.
Abhi leaves, taking her memories and Devadas with him. On the way, Abhi goes to the waterfall where Nandini proposed to him. There Devadas dies. The story ends with Abhi throwing the rabbit's body over the edge and returning to his house, heartbroken.