Wake in Fright

John Grant is a young, middle-class schoolteacher who feels disgruntled because of the onerous terms of a financial bond that he signed with the government in return for receiving a tertiary education. The bond has forced him to accept a post at a tiny school at Tiboonda, a remote township in the arid outback. It is the start of the Christmas holidays, and Grant plans on going to Sydney to be reunited with his girlfriend Robyn, but first he must travel by train to the nearby mining town of Bundanyabba – known by the locals as "The Yabba" – in order to catch a Sydney-bound flight.
Upon arriving at The Yabba, Grant goes to a pub, where he meets the local policeman, Jock Crawford, who befriends him after both drink repeated glasses of beer at the pub and an RSL club, where they witness an unnerving ANZAC memorial service. Crawford then introduces him to the illegal game of two-up, and to Clarence "Doc" Tydon, a vagrant, alcoholic medical practitioner who questions Grant's contemptuous view of The Yabba and its populace. Deciding to try his luck at two-up, Grant has a winning streak but becomes reckless: in a desperate bid to win enough money to pay off his bond and escape his indentured servitude as an outback teacher, he loses all of his cash in two rounds. This results in Grant becoming stranded in The Yabba, leaving him at the mercy of its searing heat and eccentric but sinister townsfolk.
While drinking, Grant becomes friends with a resident named Tim Hynes and goes to Tim's house, where he meets his adult daughter, Janette, and his two friends, miners Dick and Joe. Tim, Dick and Joe engage in an all-day drinking session, where they are eventually joined by Doc. Grant converses with Janette, who quietly desires a life outside of waiting on her father and his friends. She tries to seduce Grant, who vomits due to the beer he has ingested.
After engaging in more debauched rituals with the Hynes and their guests, Grant finds refuge in Doc's isolated shack. After providing him with medicine to cure his hangover and feeding him on kangaroo meat, Doc expounds his worldview onto Grant, revealing that his alcoholism and self-sufficient attitude to life prevented him from practicing in Sydney. He also reveals that he and Janette have had a long-standing open relationship punctuated by unorthodox sexual encounters.
Grant and Doc are joined by Dick and Joe in a drunken, barbaric kangaroo hunt that lasts into the night, which culminates in Joe engaging in fisticuffs with one such kangaroo and Grant clumsily stabbing another to death. The four then vandalize a bush pub, where Dick and Joe engage in a playful fight that turns brutal, interrupting Doc as he lectures an unconscious Grant about the violent nature of civilization despite its philosophical and materialistic trappings. At dawn, Grant returns to Doc's shack, where Doc initiates a homosexual encounter between the two.[7]
Repulsed, Grant leaves that morning and returns to town, where his two suitcases, left behind at a hotel after he met Tim, are returned to him by Crawford. After discarding one suitcase – mostly containing textbooks, including one on Plato – he wanders through the desert towards Sydney, hitch-hiking with truck drivers where possible and procuring food using the rifle he was given during the hunt. He eventually arrives at a truck stop, where he persuades a driver he assumes is heading for Sydney to give him a lift. However, due to miscommunication, Grant returns to The Yabba instead.
Enraged with Doc and his perversity, Grant returns to his empty cabin, intent on shooting him upon his return. However, he becomes overwhelmed with loneliness and remorse, and turns his rifle on himself. Doc arrives to witness Grant shoot himself in the temple, the impact of which scars but fails to kill him. Grant recovers in the hospital, and signs a statement from Crawford explaining that his failed suicide attempt was an accident. Several weeks later, Doc takes him to the train station, where they quietly make peace with each other. No longer contemptuous of the outback's inhabitants and more assured of himself, Grant returns to Tiboonda to begin the new school year.