Cheekati Rajyam

The film begins with Diwakar (Kamal Haasan), an Indian Revenue Service officer in the Narcotics Control Bureau, and his deputy Mani (Yugi Sethu), busting a narcotics scam. In retribution, Vittal Rao (Prakash Raj), a drug smuggler who had masterminded the scam, kidnaps Diwakar's son Vasu (Aman Abdullah). He is willing to release Vasu if Diwakar can return to him a bag of cocaine he seized while thwarting the scam. Without any options, Diwakar agrees and proceeds to Vittal's nightclub where Vasu is held hostage with the bag of cocaine, hiding it in the men's toilet. However, this is noticed by his colleague Mallika (Trisha), who becomes suspicious and thinking that Diwakar is involved in drug smuggling, informs her superior Dhiraviyam (Kishore). Both begin to pursue Diwakar, taking away the bag of cocaine from the toilet in the process.
When Diwakar realizes that the bag of cocaine has gone missing, he decides to return to Vittal a bag containing packets of maida instead, thinking that he and his cronies including a gangster Pedha Babu (Sampath Raj) won't realize the difference. Unfortuanately, Vittal and Pedha soon find out that Diwakar had cheated them and decide to kill him. Caught between Vittal's gang on one side and Mallika and Dhiraviyam on the other side, Diwakar confronts Mallika and tells her that contrary to her suspicions, he is working undercover and had planned the entire operation to expose police officers such as Dhiraviyam and even Mani, who are involved in drug smuggling. Then he rescues Vasu without Vittal's knowledge and Vittal is also arrested by Mallika and Dhiraviyam. While taking Vittal to prison, Mallika finds out that she has Mani's mobile phone and on reading the messages in it, finds out that Diwakar had been speaking the truth all along, realizing that Dhiraviyam and Mani are involved in drug smuggling and had tried to frame Diwakar. Though Dhiraviyam tries to resist arrest, killing Vittal in the process, he is eventually brought to justice.
Three months later, Mallika is now Diwakar's deputy. The movie ends with both of them thwarting the attempted murder of a police officer.