A Little Chaos

King Louis XIV of France assigns the design and construction of the Gardens of Versailles to André Le Nôtre. Le Nôtre interviews several other gardeners who submitted designs for the project, including one woman who works alone, Sabine de Barra. He sees her move a potted plant in his garden prior to her interview, and questions her deference to order in design. Sabine affirms her respect for his work and suggests that she would like to create something uniquely French rather than follow classical and renaissance styles. He shows her the door in record time, and she leaves disheartened.
On the night after her interview, André surprises Sabine at her home and tasks her with responsibility for an outdoor ballroom surrounded by a fountain and landscaping. André's plans had called for a constant supply of water from a great distance at great expense. Sabine devises another engineering solution based on a reservoir from which water can be continuously recycled through the fountains she has designed. She makes little progress at first, with workmen recommended by one of the men rejected by André, until another competitor, Thierry Duras, intervenes and offers the use of his crew.
As a beautiful commoner Sabine stands out at court, attracting attention, and is befriended by the King's brother Duc Philippe d'Orleans and his wife Elizabeth Charlotte, Princess Palatine. At times, Sabine appears haunted by brief glimpses of a young girl or a girl's voice she hears calling. She is attracted to André but does not act on her feelings, while André quietly endures the infidelities of his wife Françoise, who insists that her husband's success is founded on her influence at court. When Françoise warns him against an affair with Sabine, he quotes her own speech declaring their right to seek comfort elsewhere, and becomes resolute in his intention to pursue a relationship with Sabine.
Queen Maria Theresa dies suddenly. André informs his wife, who is shaken at the prospect that this will lessen her influence at court. The king is shocked at the loss of his wife and takes refuge in his gardener's work area, amongst the pear trees. Sabine finds the king there as she delivers perennials for a trade, first mistaking him for the gardener. After she recognizes him she agrees to continue their conversation as equals. She finds great favour in the king's eyes, and he invites her to travel with him and his court to his palace and gardens at Fontainebleau.
On a stormy day, Louis XIV visits Sabine's work site and assesses the project skeptically but allows it to proceed. After he leaves, Sabine is visited by Françoise, who tells her that André's passionate intentions are only a whim and will prove short-lived. After they both leave, Françoise's lover opens the sluice gates from the reservoir and floods the work site, destroying much of the earthworks. Sabine nearly drowns trying to close the gate, and André saves her.
Afterwards, André finds a glove that belongs to his wife Françoise. He returns the glove and ends their relationship.
Sabine goes to court again, where Duc de Lauzun introduces her to the king's mistress, the Marquise de Montespan, who in turn introduces her to the women of the court. At first they tease her, but when they learn she is widowed and lost her 6-year-old daughter, they reveal their own losses and welcome her into their circle, where they often discuss topics the king forbids at court, including the deaths of their children. The Marquise formally presents Sabine to the King when he arrives, and Sabine offers him a four-seasons rose. They converse about the nature of the rose and its life cycle, hardships and death, and the gardener's responsibilities. It is Sabine's veiled defense of the aging Madame de Montespan, who has begun to lose the king's favor.
André waits for Sabine outside her room that night, and they finally make love. In the morning, André finds himself alone in bed. Sabine is upstairs, lost in the memory of the day her daughter and husband died. He told Sabine he had a mistress that he is going to visit her, taking their daughter with him. As they are leaving Sabine sees that the carriage has a faulty wheel and races after them, and when she stops in front of the carriage it topples off the road and down a hill, killing both father and daughter. André finds Sabine in the grip of this memory and convinces her to stop blaming herself for their deaths.
When Sabine's project is complete, the king and his court arrive for its inauguration. To the music of a hidden orchestra, everyone begins dancing as the fountains send water coursing down the tiers around the ballroom floor. Sabine and André leave the others dancing and walk into the garden together.