Ullam Ketkumae

The movie is all about a group of five college friends — Shaam (Shaam), Imaan (Arya), Pooja (Laila), Priya (Asin) and Irene (Pooja). The friends gather for the wedding of Imaan, years after everyone has parted ways.
The movie starts with Pooja leaving USA to go to her college friend Imaan's wedding. Meanwhile, back in India everyone else is helping Imaan with the preparations for his wedding and catching up with their long lost college friends. The movie goes through series of flashbacks of old memories during their college days. Imaan and Irene meet for the first time, after a long time. Where the first flashback occurs. They were once in love, however it didn't turn as Imman had expected it to be.
Another flashback occurs when Shaam gets reminded of Pooja. Pooja is a fun-loving tomboyish and naive girl, whose bestfriends with Shaam. While, Shaam realizes he's in love with Priya and on the other hand, Pooja realizes she's in love with Shaam. Shaam and Pooja had respectively decided to reveal their love to the ones they love on coming Valentine's Day. On that day, Pooja learns beforehand that Shaam is in love with Priya instead. Heartbroken by what she has just learned, she decides to keep her love for him a secret. When Priya finds out Shaam's in love with her, she rejects his love. As she believes in a more traditional approach towards finding a life partner. She reveals to him that she will be getting married, right after their graduation, to the man of her parents choice.
Now back to the present day, the wedding day of Imaan. Everyone attends his wedding as Pooja finally arrives. She's no longer the same girl she was back then. Much more mature now and not as tomboyish as she was back then. Over sometime, Shaam has come to realised he missed Pooja's presences and is much fond of her now. He realised, he had failed to appreciate her presence. The day after Imaan's wedding, Pooja leaves to catch her flight back to the states. Right before her departure, she decides to pass Shaam the Valentine's day card that she had wanted to hand him during their college days and reviled her love for him. Shaam realizes that Pooja is the one, that was meant to be for him but not Priya. The movie ends with Shaam accepting Pooja's love for him.