Kick

Shaina Mehra is a psychiatrist living in Warsaw, Poland. Her father, Brijesh Mehra brings a marriage proposal and asks her to meet Himanshu Tyagi. Himanshu and Shaina meet in a train, where Shaina reveals that she had an ex-boyfriend, Devi Lal Singh, and talks about her crazy experiences with him.
Devi is an intelligent, adventurous man who is always looking for a "kick" in his life. When Shaina meets Devi, she is trying to help her friend Vidhi elope with her lover who is Devi's friend. Devi gets them married in a temple, but also helps her mother follow them and reach the temple for "kick". Shaina meets Devi's father, Ratan Lal Singh, and his mother Rati Lal Singh. Devi and Shaina date and fall in love. On Shaina's suggestion, Devi accepts a job in a chemical lab, but resigns in a few days suffering from the lack of "kick". Shaina scolds him and Devi breaks up with her and moves away.
Himanshu, a police officer, shares his experiences with a thief he hates, because he cannot stop him. The robber, called "Devil", targets the rich people associated with Shiv Gajra, a corrupt businessman, and robs them. The robber is none other than Devi. When Himanshu is unsuccessful in catching Devil, Devi contacts Himanshu and refers to him as a partner and insults him by calling him a loser which is actually a clue that Devi gives Himanshu.
Shaina spots Devi in Poland who has come there for treatment after losing his memory in an accident. Shaina offers to handle Devi's case and take him home. Devi is acting about his memory loss, his real plan is to befriend and fool Himanshu and rob Shiv, who will be coming to Poland. Devi enters a charity function and robs Shiv, but Himanshu and Shaina discover Devi's true identity and Devi escapes. Himanshu spots Devi and warns him he will be killed, but Devi says that he will rob a huge party fund on 14 November. Devi dares Himanshu to kill him on the 14th, otherwise Devi will be standing in front of him on 15 November, and he won't be able to do anything.
In a flashback, Devi's true intentions and good deeds are revealed by Devi's father. He tells Shaina that his son is committing robberies to help poor children who are suffering from diseases. Devi saved a girl named Jhumki after reading a letter in the hands of her dead parents. When a doctor tells him that several children are suffering from diseases, he saves them by robbing to get money for their treatments, knowing that it will give a lot of "kick". On 14 November, after fighting Shiv's henchmen, Devi kills Shiv. Himanshu is set up with officers to shoot Devi, but kids block his shot. 14 November is Children's Day, and the sick children are going to pray for Devi and Himanshu realizes the robberies were for the kids.
On 15 November, Devi joins the police force to catch Devil. He arrives at the police station and stands in front of Himanshu, who is unable to do anything about the situation, therefore completing his challenge. Himanshu is taken off of the case and it is given to Devi, who is now a police officer. Devi then thanks Himanshu, saying that he was never against him, but he is against the corrupt system.