Ittefaq

Dilip Roy (Rajesh Khanna) is a painter and is married to a rich woman, Sushma. One day while he is passionately painting, his wife comes and asks him to come out with her. He refuses and in the ensuing fight she destroys his painting. Dilip gets emotionally upset and pushes her away, saying that he would kill her and leaves the house. When he comes back, his wife is dead and the police arrest him as prime suspect on the testimony given by Renu (Bindu), his wife's sister who lives along with them. He claims that though he became enraged and can't remember well what happened, he didn't kill her.
Later, he was sent to psychological analysis on account of his erratic behavior during the trial. There, Dr. Trivedi, a psychologist examines him and decides to keep him in hospital for some more time. But on a stormy night, Dilip escapes and ends up at Rekha's (Nanda) house. Rekha was a married woman staying in a rich neighborhood, but her husband wasn't home at that time. Dilip holds her at gunpoint and demands her to hide his presence. She tries to call someone, but fails. When police come inquiring, she was forced to hide the fact that Dilip was there. Later, after some talk, Dilip asks her for forgiveness and they talk like friends for some time.
Dilip, believing that Rekha wouldn't call the police, sleeps for some time in the hall. But when he wakes up at midnight after hearing a sound, he can't find Rekha. He searches for her, but finds the dead body of a young man instead in the bathroom. He demands an explanation from Rekha about the body, but they can't find it where it was before. Rekha tells him that everything was his imagination, but he suspects that Rekha is hiding something.
Later, after becoming sure of Rekha's deception, he calls the police and tells them that he found Mr. Jagmohan's (Rekha's husband) body in that house and that Rekha has killed her husband. But Rekha says that her husband hasn't returned from Calcutta yet. After some discussion, they find Jagmohan's body and suspect that Dilip has killed him. Moreover, they find Dilip's shirt piece in Jagmohan's hands. Dilip tries to reason with them and suspects that one of the inspectors is helping Rekha. He proves the same with the help of a cigarette lighter left by the inspector at Rekha's house while he was helping Rekha to hide the body. Rekha admits everything and kills herself with a gun. At the same time, Inspector Karwe finds, with the help of jewelry at the crime scene and fingerprinting, that Renu was the real killer of Dilip's wife and he acquits Dilip Roy.