Yaadgaar

Kamal Haasan is a terrible liar; he used to lie to everyone in his village for money. One day a fire erupted in a function in a village, his father was badly injured, he tried to convince the doctor and other villagers to come and help him save his father, but due to his lying habits no one believed him, Eventually, his father died due to lack of medical care. The next day he ends up at his daughter's home who was married, his in-laws let him stay in the house in return for helping in household chores, but he ends up as full-time servant and he gets rotten food to eat. One day, when his in-law has an accident, he holds him responsible for being very unlucky for him and the whole family. The next day when he is sent to buy groceries, he saves a blind women from thugs and he ends up losing all the groceries. When he goes home, he gets insulted by his own sister because she does not believe his story and thinks that he must have spent the money for himself. Later, he is given a task to repair a family clock which he accidentally breaks; to buy a replica of the clock, he takes part in a race to earn some money. He wins the race and buys the clock, but when he goes home he gets beaten by his in-laws because his sister's husband had lost his job and he again blames him for being so unlucky. His sister cannot tolerate this and just asks her brother to go away and leave the house. He comes to know that the blind girl's mother is seriously ill so he brings a doctor, but it's too late and her mother died. The story shifts to Sanjeev Kumar, a superstitious rich man who was losing his everything in betting and gambling. One day he encounters Kamal Haasan while going for a bet and he wins the bet for the very first time in his life. He brings him home as he finds him lucky, as Sanjeev Kumar has no kids, he adopts Kamal Haasan after various profitable deals. Kamal Haasan marries the blind girl and gives her treatment at a hospital for her eyesight, she gets her eyesight back and Sanjeev Kumar, after a long time, becomes a father. Everything was going well until Kamal Haasan gets cancer due to eating rotten food for such a long time at his in-laws house. Later, he is blamed for poisoning his new-born brother for inheritance, but when his mother gets to know that he is already suffering from cancer, she is sorry. Later, her own brother is guilty and then Kamal Haasan dies in his parents arms. A beautiful movie with a sad ending.