Inch'Allah

The exposition opens with a bomb attack at a street cafe in Israel. Chloé (Évelyne Brochu) is a young Canadian obstetrician who works at a Red Crescent clinic in Ramallah, West Bank. She shares an apartment in Jerusalem with her Israeli friend Ava, who is a soldier in the Israel Defense Forces. While commuting by bus between her apartment and Ramallah, Chloé passes through checkpoints on a daily basis. One of Chloé's patients is a pregnant Palestinian woman named Rand (Sabrina Ouazani), whose husband Ziad is in an Israeli prison awaiting trial. Chloé also befriends Rand's older brother Faysal (Yousef Sweid), younger brother Safi (Hammoudeh Akarmi), and mother Soraïda (Zorah Benali). Faysal works at a print shop that produces Palestinian propaganda posters.
After gunmen open fire on the nearby Beit Shomron Israeli settlement wounding two civilians, Israeli soldiers round up and question the men in the refugee camp. Back in Jerusalem, Ava confides in Chloé about her unease with the dehumanizing aspects of checkpoint duty but is unable to quit her job. Later, Chloé spends time with Rand and Safi, who are rummaging for supplies in a rubbish dump near the separation barrier. One of the local children tries to attack an armored Israeli truck but is run over and killed. The boy is later lauded as a martyr during a funeral procession.
The boy's death has an effect on Chloé and she confronts Ava about the disproportionate attention given by the Israeli authorities towards the settlement shooting. Ava is defensive and responds that the two settlers were seriously wounded. While spending time with Faysal and Rand's family in Ramallah, Chloé learns about the effects of the Israeli military occupation. As their friendship grows, Chloé becomes more sympathetic to her Palestinian hosts and helps Faysal plaster propaganda posters.
Chloé also convinces Ava to issue Faysal and Rand's family with a travel pass to visit Soraïda's ruined former village. While Soraïda is grateful, Faysal is bitter towards Chloé for reminding them of what his family has lost. Later, Chloé and Ava visit a night club in Tel Aviv. The following morning, Chloé learns that Rand has entered into labor and rushes back to Ramallah. Chloé and her Palestinian hosts try to reach a local hospital but are obstructed by an Israeli checkpoint. As a result, Rand is forced to give birth at the back of their van and her infant son dies.
Rand is distraught by the loss of her son and news that her husband Ziad has been sentenced by an Israeli military court to a 25-year term. Rand is bitter towards Chloé and blames her for the death of her child. A guilt-ridden and dejected Chloé returns to Jerusalem. Meanwhile, a grief-stricken Rand infiltrates Jerusalem and blows herself up in a crowded street cafe; tying the climax to the exposition. Following the attack, Chloé visits Faysal's photocopying shop in Ramallah and learned that Rand had perpetrated the suicide bombing and become a "shahid." While Chloé reads Rand's farewell letter, the denouement is interspersed with footage of Safi playing by the separation barrier and imagining a growing tree.