Adavi Donga

Viswam (Sreedhar Surapaneni) and Vasundhara (Sarada), are an ideal couple who lives near a forest to educate the illiterate forest dwellers to improve their quality of life, and earn more money. Thodella Appala Naidu (Rao Gopal Rao), along with his aides exploit the poor villagers. He buys their products at a very low cost and sells them at a higher price in the near by town. With the help of Viswam and Vasundhara, they recognize the value of their products and start selling by themselves in the town. Appala Naidu goes to Viswam's house, and propose them to join hands with him so they would collectively exploit the people. When they reject that proposal, he decides to eliminate them.
Appala Naidu kills one of the tribals and accuse Viswam of doing that crime. When the police take away Viswam, goons try to attack Vasundhara. Vasundhara hides her baby (Chiranjeevi) in a near by bush and runs away to escape them. Meanwhile, the baby is found by an elephant who raises him as his own child in the forest along with other animals. Sharada is shocked when she found out that her baby is missing and her husband is wrongly convicted and send to jail much to her dismay. She also pleads his brother (Jaggayya) who is a police officer to save her husband. But he could not do anything legally because the charges framed against Viswam are systematically planned by Appala Naidu.
Years later Saroja (Radha) visits the forests along with her friends and is attacked by goons. She is saved by Chiranjeevi, he later finds her house to return her Radio she missed in the forest. Chiranjeevi kisses her while leaving after noticing her friend bidding good bye with a kiss. Radha instantly falls in love with him and sets out to the forest in search of him. She is chased by the Tiger and falls into the river, where a deadly crocodile chases her. Chiranjeevi once again saves her life and takes her to his place. There, both of them fall with each other.
Poachers were trying to kidnap an elephant for a very long time and are unable to do so because Chiranjeevi saves them always. The poachers frame Chiranjeevi for a murder of an honest police officer. Chiranjeevi and Radha are chased by the police and Chiranjeevi is wounded from a gunshot. Sharada finds them and helps them. The village doctor identifies him as Sharada's child with the shivalingam tattoo which is on his shoulder but Chiranjeevi is unable to speak and understand her. Radha is with the elephant and its calf illustrates to him that Sharada is his mother.
Chiranjeevi is arrested by the police and is tortured in the jail. He breaks out of jail and ends up beating all the policemen. Sharada promises to educate her son and will take revenge against the villain. She teaches him everything and makes him a legitimate man. The rest of the story narrates how Chiranjeevi takes revenge against the villain.