Suriya, R. Madhavan, Siddharth, Meera Jasmine, Trisha Krishnan, Esha Deol

2003 Chennai : Inba Sekar (Madhavan) grew up to be a goon, as his brother had left him to fend for himself and he had no option of earning. He loves, marries, abuses, rapes his wife, Sashi (Meera Jasmine). Michael Vasanth (Suriya Sivakumar) is an influential student leader who wants politicians like Selvanayagam (Bharathiraja) to keep away from college elections. Michael is in love with his neighbour Geetha (Esha Deol), who lives with her uncle and aunt. Arjun Balakrishnan (Siddharth) is the carefree and spoiled son of an IAS officer. He wants to relocate to the U.S. for a better future. He falls in love with Meera (Trisha Krishnan), whom he just met. One day, Meera and Arjun get into a quarrel on the road and Meera gets into an auto. Arjun hitches a ride from Michael, who is riding in the same direction, to catch up with Meera. Suddenly, Michael is shot but Arjun saves him. After talking to Michael, Arjun changes his mind and wants to be a politician. Selvanayagam is worried when he hears news of students standing in the election. He uses every possible resource to get them out of Politics. Firstly he provides scholarship to study at a prestigious foreign university to Michael. When Michael refuses the bribe, he orders his goon Inba to take control. Inba beats some students but faces very strong retaliation from Michael and other students. He kidnaps Arjun and other candidates. However, they manage to escape with the help of Inba's ally, Dilli (Sriman). Inba follows Arjun and beats him up. While running, Arjun manages to call Michael for help. He comes to rescue Arjun at Napier Bridge. Arjun kicks Inba, but Arjun is still outmatched by evil Inba. Since Inba shot Michael, Michael decides to beat up Inba very badly for revenge. Then Inba is handed to the police. Michael wins the four seats he and his college mates have contested for. Sashi leaves for her hometown while Inba remains in prison hoping not to get the capital punishment. Michael, Arjun and two friends enter into politics.