Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana

Santosh (Siddharth) 22 is a rich, city boy, born to millionaire parents and brought up in London. On the other hand, Siri (Trisha) 20 is a traditional, simple, rural girl from Andhra Pradesh who is brought up by her only brother, Sivaramakrishna (Srihari)32. He is heartbroken when their father marries another woman and throws them out of the house, humiliating them on the way. Their mother dies and her tomb is built on the small land which they own until the zamindar (narsing yadav) 40-54 tells them that it is his land, since their mother had taken a loan from the man. Sivaramakrishna volunteers to work day and night, to pay off the loan as long as they don't tear down his mother's tomb. The Zamindar agrees and the local station master helps them. Slowly Sivaramakrishna and Siri grow up. One day, Lalitha (Veda Sastry)19, Siri's best friend, comes to their house to invite Siri to their house as she is getting married. Lalitha's cousin, Santosh also arrives on the same day with his mother, Janaki (Geetha) 47 and father, Prakash (Prakash Raj)49.
Slowly Santosh and Siri fall in love but Santosh's mother does not bear it as Siri is not as rich as them, and is thus not to their standards; Santosh is also to be married to Janaki's younger brother's (Tanikella Bharani) 44 business partner's (Jaya Prakash Reddy) 55 daughter, Dolly (Nanditha Jennifer)21. Janaki humiliates Siri as well as Sivaramakrishna, who arrives a minute before, and both are thrown of the house after Janaki accuses them of trying to entice and trap Santosh. When Santosh learns of this, he goes to Siri's house and pleads to her brother to accept him. Sivaramakrishna gives him a chance, just like he was given a chance by the Zamindar when he was little. Santosh is tasked to take care of the cows, clean up after them and grow more crops than Sivaramakrishna by the end of the season; if he does not, Santosh will be thrown out of the village and can never see Siri again. The Zamindar and his son (Ajay) 26 is not happy as the Zamindar's son wanted to marry Siri. With them and Dolly and her father trying to get Santosh to lose the competition, Santosh has to work hard for his love, eating red chillies and rice everyday, even though he can't bear it. Through many antics from the Zamindar's side and Dolly's side, Santosh eventually proves his love for Siri to Sivaramakrishna, and succeeds in growing more grains. However, Zamindar and his son kidnap Siri and then later try to rape her. A fight takes place in which Santosh kills the Zamindar's son while Sivaramakrishna violently defeats Santosh's uncle's business partner and The Zamindar. After realizing that Santosh and Siri should be together, Sivaramakrishna takes the blame for this murder and spends 5 years in prison. The movie ends with Sivaramakrishna's release from prison which is also when Siri and Santosh get married, in everyone's presence. Janaki then accepts Siri to be her daughter-in-law.