Intaquam

Reeta Mehra (Sadhana Shivdasani) lives a poor lifestyle along with her sick mother. She works in a small setup, part of the franchise owned by Sohanlal (Rehman). One day, her boss tries to send her to a businessman to entertain him, but she refuses. Because of that, he becomes angry and informs Sohanlal against her. Sohanlal manages to send her to one year of jail on charges of stealing jewelry from his shop.
By the time she comes out of jail, her mother has died and she pledges to take revenge on Sohanlal. On the other hand, Heeralal Mehra (Ashok Kumar), who was escaped the arrest one year back with the help of Reeta, comes searching for her. They retrieve the box he had given her previously to safeguard. To Reeta's surprise it contains valuable jewels. He tells her his story and how he was cheated by Sohanlal. About twenty years back, having no other way, Heeralal got arrested saving Sohanlal and Sohanlal promises him that he would take care of Heeralal's family. But when Heeralal returns, he finds out that Sohanlal used the money just for himself and wouldn't know what happened to his family.
Now both Reeta and Heeralal form a pact to take revenge on Sohanlal. They use Rajpal (Sanjay Khan), Sohanlal's only son for that purpose. Rajpal was an innocent, playful young man who falls easily for Reeta and deeply loves her. He marries her against the wishes of his father. Later he comes to know that Reeta just wanted to use him, but he still loves her and asks her to forget everything. But Reeta and Heeralal disagree with him and leave no opportunity to embarrass Sohanlal in public.
After some time, people start to talk about Sohanlal because of the behavior of his daughter-in-law. Annoyed and embarrassed, Sohanlal arranges for Reeta's murder. Heeralal kills a criminal to save Reeta, but Rajpal thinks that Reeta killed him and surrenders himself as the murderer. Heeralal wouldn't tell the truth as he was waiting for Sohanlal to suffer. Reeta realizes her love for Rajpal and feels bad that things came to this extent. At that time, Sohanlal sees a picture of Reeta's mother and recognizes her as Heeralal's wife. Heeralal at last comes to know that Reeta was no one but his daughter and he surrenders himself to the police to save Rajpal. He gets acquitted as he killed just to save an innocent person's life, but gets a one-year sentence for his previous crimes. Everybody forgets the past and reconciles.