Adugu Jaadalu

Dr.Krishna (S. V. Ranga Rao) is a noble person who is enriched with human values and norms and dedicated his life to his hospital & patients. He has daughter Parvathi (Jamuna). Krishna is doing research on inventing a medicine as an anti-polio. Dr.Vijay (N. T. Rama Rao) grandson of Zamindar Padmasri Sivaramakrishna Prasad (Relangi). Though Vijay completed his medical graduation he still spends his time in enjoying life. Vijay & Parvathi always meet in petty quarrels, Parvathi doesn't like Vijay's character due to his arrogance being wealthy and starts hating him. Once Dr.Krishna goes to seaside resorts for taking rest when he gets a severe breathing attack. At the same time, Vijay also meets with a boat accident and the oxygen cylinder which was brought for Dr.Krishna is utilized for Vijay. Unfortunately, Dr.Krishna dies due to lack of oxygen, his hospital becomes orphan and his research is stopped in middle. After coming into consciousness everybody starts blaming Vijay and Parvathi sees him as a demon. Vijay feels a lot that he is responsible for Dr.Krishna’s death. On the advice of a nurse Sharada (Surabhi Balasaraswathi), Vijay decides to replace Dr.Krishna by walking in his footsteps and joins as a doctor in his hospital. In the beginning, no one likes him but he endures all the insults with a smile and makes him recognized as a good doctor. But he feels something deficit and something else is required to become Dr.Krishna. Then Sharada tells him regarding a dairy which Krishna used to write every day. Vijay asks Parvathi about the dairy but she refuses to give and handovers it to the hospital. Because it is in code language no one can read it and throws in the dustbin. Vijay somehow gets it, after a great deal of endurance and dedication Vijay decodes it. He wants to tell it to Parvathi, but she is not ready to listen, tries to run away and meets with an accident when she loses her eyesight. Blames on Vijay increases, so, he wants to get relieved from their blames, he introduces himself to Parvathi as Shekar and takes care of her like an eye to eye. Meanwhile, Vijay successfully completes Dr.Krishna's research and gets a great fame. Parvathi does not accept it, she & remaining doctors of the hospital give a complaint to the medical board that Vijay has stolen Dr.Krishna's dairy and completed the research. The enquiry is held by the medical board, everybody accuses him as a criminal and he is terminated from the medical services. After that judgement, Vijay wants to speak a while, he brings all the people whom Dr.Krishna helped in his life without giving his identity and also reads the dairy which was nothing in it expect regarding the human values which tells how much happiness an individual gets while doing good work without selfishness. Here everyone understands Vijay's greatness including Parvathi, she also comes to know that Vijay is only Shekar and says sorry to him. At last Parvathi gets back her eyesight and the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Vijay & Parvathi.