Vaira Malai

The story is very complex and complicated.
Rangasamy and Mohan are college students studying in Chennai. Rangasamy bets that he will make another college student Kamala to dance in his birthday party for 1000 rupees. He goes to Coimbatore with Mohan to get money from his uncle Sambantham. Kamala also goes with them. He has his own house in Coimbatore. But he stays with Mohan and plans to take his mother's diamond necklace for his bet. He meets a girl, Shantha and falls in love with her. But Shantha's brother Mani takes her away before Rangan makes contact.
Sambantham has rented Rangan's house to Shantha's father Paramasivam. Rangan, without knowing this, goes to his home. There is a lunatic in the house and Rangan get out of the house from the lunatic's clutches. He asks his uncle Sambandam for money. Sambandam tells him to marry Paramasivam's daughter Shantha if he wants the money. Rangasamy does not know that Shantha is the girl whom he had seen earlier and fallen in love. He tells his uncle that he will earn money and then marry Shantha.
In the meantime Kamala sends Mohan disguised as Rangasamy, to Paramasivam's house to see the girl. Shantha's brother Mani disguises himself as a girl and makes Mohan to suffer in the clutches of the lunatic.
Kamala forces Rangasamy for the money and he goes back to his house to take his mother's diamond necklace. Again he gets caught in the clutches of the lunatic. Shantha helps him to escape.
Rangasamy tells Mohan that Shantha the beautiful girl is the Paramasivam's daughter. But Mohan (who was cheated by Mani) says Paramasivam's daughter is like an ape. In order to find the truth, Rangasamy disguised as Kandasamy finds employment as a servant in Paramasivam's house. Shantha suspects him as having come there to steal her diamond necklace.
Paramasivam's elder brother's daughter Kasturi also lives in the same house. Rangasamy befriends Mani and tryies to find who is who. Shantha deceives him saying Kasturi is Paramasivam's daughter and she (Shantha) is Paramasivam's elder brother's daughter. The diamond necklace gets lost one day. Shantha suspects Rangasamy and chases him out. She comes to know that the lunatic only stole the necklace. She writes a letter to Rangasamy begging his pardon and she requests him to come back to the house.
Sambantham and Paramasivam are making arrangements to marry Shantha to Rangasamy. Paramasivam comes to know that his daughter Shantha is moving closely with Rangasamy who is disguised as Kandasamy. Paramasivam chases Rangasamy out of the house. At that time, Mohan enters the house. Shantha thinks he is Rangasamy. So she runs away to Bangalore with Kandasamy (the real Rangasamy).
Through Mohan Sambantham comes to know that Rangasamy has run away. He sends Mohan to bring Rangasamy back. Paramasivam comes to know from the lunatic that his daughter Shantha has run away
Sambandam and Paramasivam makes arrangements for the marriage in the absence of bride and groom.
Paramasivam complaints to the police that Kandasamy has stolen the diamond necklace.
Sambandam adopts Mohan as his son. Paramasivam 'buys' Kamala and makes her his daughter.
What happens Rangasamy and Shantha forms the rest of the story.[2]