Nanjundi Kalyana

The film is a family drama movie which starts with Gauri Ganesha festival. During offering pooja to goddess Gauri, Girija Lokesh(mother) of Raghavendra Rajkumar (Raghuchandra) receives money order as a gift of a festival from her brother. She is excited at the affection of her brother on sending the gift. Seeing this father of Raghuchandra remembers his past of having his sister and brother in law(Sunder Krishna Urs) leaving in his home and on this festival when he gives a gift to his sister,the brother in law fights for some reason and lives the home with his wife.The father tells his son(Raghuchandra) these past feelings and says that at childhood he and his sister had thought of marrying Raghuchandra with Devi(Malashri).
Raghavendra Rajkumar moves to the city to his aunt's home with the name of Nanjundi(his uncle who had died 20 years earlier). Sunder Krishna urs thinks that he is truly Nanjundi and allows him to live in his home. After Sunder Krishna urs left the village, they had 2 more daughters Laxmi and Saraswati whom Raghuchandra does not know. Nanjundi(Raghavendra Rajkumar) has to marry eldest of the daughter Devi. She is very arrogant and not interested in marriage, because of her the other two sisters marriage who had been engaged to Krishnamurthy (Balaraj) and Puttaswamy (chi Ravi Shankar) is being continuously postponed.
Even Devi's parents are fed up of convincing her for marriage. Finally, when Nanjundi convinces that he is ready to marry the Devi, her parents says that he should convince her himself. He does propose and performs stunts to convince her,in response, she sends fighters to hit him. When all her plans fail, she will be ready to marry him and to let him as her servant after marriage. All three sisters get married on the same day without the presence of Nanjundi's (Raghuchandra) parents. After marriage, he takes to the village where he lives in their house-servant house. He acknowledges her that he is only a servant and not Nanjundi. He had cheated her and her parents. At the end when her parents come to the village she will have been left all her old styles and arrogance and she wants to live in that small house with her husband. Finally, all of them know the truth that the son in law is none other than Raghuchandra.