36 Vayadhinile

36-year-old Vasanthi (Jyothika) is a UD clerk in the Revenue Department. Her husband Tamizhselvan (Rahman) works at All India Radio. Tamizhselvan aspires to emigrate to Ireland, but Vasanthi cannot accompany him as most Irish companies refuse her job applications because of her age being a problem. There is nothing interesting about her life; she leads a mundane life but she craves for a change.
One day, Vasanthi is summoned by the IG, Rajan (Nassar) to his office and she learns that the President of India would like to have a conversation with her. The meeting turns ends in disaster after she faints in front of the President and she becomes the subject of Facebook jokes and before long, she watches helplessly as her husband and daughter Mithila (Amritha Anil) fly away to Ireland.
Vasanthi's old classmate Susan David (Abhirami), now a successful CMO, reminds her of the bold, strong-willed woman she used to be and inspires her to rediscover her younger self, a woman with big dreams and aspirations. Vasanthi, who is encouraged to have bigger goals in her life, gets an idea through a wedding catering order. She learns about the unhealthy market vegetables that are sprayed with toxic pesticides, and refines her home greenhouse while appealing to other women in her neighbourhood to start their own greenhouses for the welfare of their families. Susan gets her a slot in the region's annual architectural conference, which is graced by the bigwigs of the country, and her talk on organic greenhouse farming concept is well received by the audience. Despite resistance and lack of support from her husband, Vasanthi persists on with her new project, which turns out to be a big success as she was able to fulfill the demand of the wedding catering order and materialise her idea. She receives regional and national acclaim for her endeavors. Following this success, Vasanthi once again gets an invitation from the President of India. This time, Vasanthi is unwavering and cleverly answers the questions of the President, and finally wins the respect and appreciation of her husband and daughter.