Varsham

Venkat (Prabhas), an unemployed youngster meets Shailaja (Trisha), a middle-class beauty in a train journey and they immediately get attracted to each other after dancing in a rain shower. At the same time Shailaja catches the eye of Bhadranna (Gopichand), a dangerous and ruthless landlord who also fell in love with her. Venkat keeps bumping into Sailaja coincidentally every time it rains and they fall in love. Ranga Rao (Prakash Raj), Sailaja's dad, is a typical black sheep with all kinds of bad habits. Bhadranna approaches him with the marriage proposal and Ranga Rao jumps on that and immediately agrees. Later, a film producer approaches him with an offer for Shailaja to act in a movie. Ranga Rao thinks that acting in films would be more lucrative than marrying her off to Bhadranna. He first successfully creates clashes between lovers and convinces Shailaja to act in a movie and leaves with her to the city. Venkat also leaves for Vizag to his uncle's place. Now, in Vizag, Sailaja becomes a leading lady in the movies and Venkat works with his uncle in a quarry as a demolition expert.
Months later, an infuriated Bhadranna is cheated some money by Ranga Rao, and as revenge, he finds out where Shailaja now lives and kidnaps her from a shooting spot and tries to change her mind about marrying him. Movie producer gets tensed as shooting was paused and Ranga Rao advises him to approach Venkat as he believes Venkat still loves Shailaja. Venkat agrees and fights with Bhadranna for Shailaja. Gradually Shailaja comes to know that she misunderstood Venkat and apologizes. They reconcile happily and they both start loving again. That night, Bhadranna kills his own brother Kaasi (Shafi) for not bringing Shailaja. Then, Bhadranna is coming back from Hyderabad to destroy Venkat and marries Shailaja. Durning the festival, Bhadranna appears and stabs Venkat but is stopped by Bhadranna's uncle Sivaiah (Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao) who can takes a heroic fight between Venkat and Bhadranna. After the fight, Venkat defeats Bhadranna and embraces Shailaja and Venkat's friends. Suddenly, Bhadranna regains conscious and tries to kill Venkat, but Bhadrann saw the big statue covered in fire is about to collapsed toward him and dies.