Aayiram Thalai Vaangi Apoorva Chinthamani (1947 film)

A Saint(M. R. Swaminathan) wants to become all powerful(Ashtamasithi) and prays to obtain such powers. He was told that if he can achieve the sacrifice of 1000 men, he shall achieve such a supreme power. As he cannot achieve this feat on his own, he works out a plan. Princess Apoorva Chinthamani(V. N. Janaki) is the daughter of a king Neethi Kethu(M. G. Chakrapani). Due to her intelligence knowledge and interest in various arts, she is referred to as Apoorva Chinthamani. The happy king encourages her learn more. The magician comes to the Aditayapuri Kingdom in the garb of a Saint and becomes Chinthamani's teacher.
Gradually, he brings her under his control and manipulates her to achieve his goals. When she attains marriageable age, the magician advises that she should get an equally knowledgeable man and hence asks her to organise a contest whereby three peculiar questions will be asked to the aspiring grooms, those who fail to answer will beheaded. Since only the magician knows the answers, he is sure that he can behead 1000 prospective grooms who fail to answer and thus achieve his target 1000 sacrifices.
The justification for the killings is to prevent leakage of the questions to other contestants. Chinthamani agrees and also convinces her father for the contest. The first to be sacrificed happens to be her cousin Purantharan(E. R. Sahadevan), who is keen to marry her. In this manner, she kills 999 people, which includes six elder brothers of Prince Meyyazhagan(P. S. Govindan). He decides to take revenge on Chinthamani when he comes to know about the killings, and comes to her kingdom with his friend and assistant Kali(Kali N. Rathnam). They decide to find the questions and their answer before venturing to meet Chinthamani. In this process, the prince falls in love with Chinthamani's friend Princess Sengamalam(S. Varalakshmi).
Through her he learns the questions. He goes to Various countries named as Madhivadhanapuram, Sambangi Puram and Nathiseela Puram, find the answers and brings the people involved with him to Chinthamani's palace. He answers the questions and wins the contest. Along with that, he also exposes the game plan of the magician, who gets killed by one of the kings affected by him. The prince advises Chinthamani to marry her cousin who was keen to marry her and marries her friend Sengamala.[3]