Tiktik: The Aswang Chronicles

Makoy (Dingdong Dantes), an arrogant and ill-mannered playboy from Manila, travels to an unnamed province to get to the town of Pulupandan in an effort to make amends with his pregnant girlfriend, Sonia (Lovi Poe). Sonia's mother, Fely (Janice de Belen), is very unhappy at his arrival and immediately asks him to leave. Sonia likewise asks him to leave, intending to break off their relationship and raise the child on her own.
Makoy calls one of his friends back in Manila from the store next door, and is convinced to make another attempt at reconciliation. The store owner, Pacing (Rina Reyes), explains a little of Sonia's background.
Makoy goes back to the house, and Sonia's father, Nestor (Joey Marquez), is more welcoming. He invites Makoy to attend Sonia's birthday celebration the next day and asks him to help shop for supplies with their house helper, Bart (Ramon Bautista). While at the town marketplace, Bart suggests they buy a pig from his cousin Ringo (Mike Gayoso) who he says can give them a discount. Nestor and Makoy then travel to the next town to meet Ringo.
A group of four rowdy kids, led by Kulot, harass the two. They are saved by Ringo, who berates his son Kulot in front of them. He also refused to give a discount to them, and Makoy urges Nestor to go back to the first marketplace instead. On their way out, however, Kulot hears that Sonia is pregnant, and offers to sell them a pig at a much lower price. Although Nestor hesitates, Makoy decides to buy it. Kulot however, is missing during the actual transaction which is completed by Hilda, Kulas and Mutya.
Nestor invites Makoy to spend the night at his house. Makoy tries again to reconcile with Sonia, although both Sonia and Fely rebuff his efforts. Makoy, Nestor and Bart then decide to have a few drinks after dinner. Makoy and Nestor later hear strange noises, reminding Nestor of tales regarding the Tiktik - a variation of aswang. He and Makoy then come back inside the house.
Meanwhile, the pig is later revealed to be a Tiktik and attacks Sonia while she sleeps. She is able to scream, and Makoy and Nestor are able to deal with it. Makoy ends up killing the creature, which turns into Kulot upon dying. Bart recognises Kulot as the latter is his nephew. This leads Makoy to accuse Bart of being an aswang too, and ties him up.
Ringo finds out about Kulot's plan, much to his chagrin. After Kulot fails to come back, he sends Kulas and Cedric to investigate. He confronts the humans after learning of Kulot's fate, revealing their status as Tiktiks. He demands an exchange - Makoy's unborn child for not attacking Nestor's family. He declines, causing the group of aswangs to begin their attack. Makoy takes Bart hostage, and drives away to draw them away.
Makoy and Bart drive to the military checkpoint near the outskirts of the town, seeking their help. Ringo and the others change back to human form, and the soldiers stand down as Ringo is familiar to them. Ringo accuses Makoy of hurting Bart. Seeing Bart still bound, the soldiers turn their attention to Makoy but are ambushed by Ringo and his group, wiping them out. Makoy and Bart take a military vehicle and crash it on to Kulas, killing him, then run back to Nestor's house.
The humans spread garlic cloves and salt - items said to have the power to repel aswangs - onto the windows and doors of the house to prevent the Tiktiks from entering.
During the standoff, Rex and his son Abel arrive at Nestor's house to deliver the items he purchased from them at the first marketplace earlier. Upon seeing the dead Kulot at Nestor's doorstep, Rex hesitates to enter despite the prodding of Nestor and Makoy. The Tiktiks emerge from the shadows and attack, killing Rex although Makoy is able to save Abel.
Ringo directs Hilda and Cedric to find an entry point. The two are able to enter through a window that has no garlic clove or salt. Cedric attacks Fely, while Hilda attacks Sonia who has begun to undergo labor. Makoy comes to Sonia's aid and kills Hilda, while an enraged Nestor kills Cedric who mortally wounded Fely.
A new group, led by their elder Tatang (Roi Vinzon), suddenly arrive. Ringo apologizes for the aswangs' deaths, but Tatang kills him. Tatang apologizes to the humans for the attack, but states that he still has to kill them all lest their presence be revealed to the rest of the townsfolk. He empowers his kin, making them less susceptible to the garlic cloves and salt, allowing them to slowly gain entry to the whole house.
Makoy convinces a mourning Nestor help him get Sonia to safety, and asks him to join him in Manila when all is said and done. He addresses Nestor as "dad", which in turn convinces Sonia to accept Makoy's reconciliation.
Bart reveals that he has been mortally wounded during their escape from the military checkpoint earlier, and decides to draw the attackers as Nestor, Makoy, Sonia and Abel quietly slip away through the backdoor. He is killed after setting off molotov cocktails, taking some of the pursuers with him.
The humans seek refuge at Pacing's store. She gives Makoy a pair of stingray's tail whips - said to be a more potent weapon against aswangs - and helps deliver Sonia's baby. Sonia, Pacing, and Mackie - the newborn child - head to the salt farm at the back of the store while Nestor, Makoy and Abel face off against the Tiktiks. Tatang, meanwhile, tracks the baby down. He transforms into a winged aswang, and is able to get Mackie. However, Sonia throws salt at him, and Makoy hits Tatang with the whip. Sonia is able to catch Mackie as Tatang is destroyed.
They then are able to be at ease for a little while, and decide to go with Makoy's earlier plan to move to Manila.