Venghai

Veera Pandi (Raj Kiran) is a powerful and rich man in Pandiapuram in the Sivagangai district. Selvam (Dhanush) is his son, who is a lot more responsible and affectionate towards his family. Rajalingam (Prakash Raj) is the local MLA whose victory is backed by Veera Pandi’s support. But Rajalingam is money minded and pretends to act as a good human while he wants to cheat Veera Pandi and make more money through politics. One day, Selvam gets into a clash with a group of thugs following which Veera Pandi sends Selvam to Trichy to stay with his uncle so that he can have a peaceful life ahead.
In Trichy, Selvam meets Radhika (Tamannaah), his childhood friend and tries to befriend her. But Radhika avoids Selvam pretending that she does not recognize Selvam. Slowly Selvam and Radhika become good friends. Selvam proposes to Radhika, but she remains calm and tells that she needs time to think about it.
Meanwhile, Veera Pandi gets to know about the true identity of Rajalingam and prevents him from involving in corruption which angers Rajalingam and he decides to revenge Veera Pandi by killing Selvam. Rajalingam sends a few thugs to Trichy to kill Selvam. Veera Pandi gets to know about his plans and rushes to Trichy to save Selvam. Radhika becomes fearful upon seeing a group of violent men with Selvam and prefers not to disclose her love.
Rajalingam becomes a minister now and he openly challenges Veera Pandi as he doesn't depend on Veera Pandi’s support hereafter. Selvam gets back to Pandiapuram to safeguard his family from Rajalingam. Radhika gets to know that it was Selvam who helped her uncle by recovering the money invested in a disputed land and she decides to convey her love to Selvam. Radhika requests Selvam to stay away from his family, so that they can lead a peaceful life. Selvam gets furious hearing this and ditches Radhika saying that his family is more important to him than anything else in the world.
Later, Radhika realizes her mistake and apologizes to Selvam following which both of them get reunited. Radhika visits Selvam’s house often. Rajalingam plans to kill Veera Pandi knowing about his train journey based on the information from a stranger. But, Selvam comes to the rescue. Suddenly, Veera Pandi realizes that a poisoned coffee and is rushed to the hospital immediately, where his life was saved. Selvam esquires about the incident and finally gets shocked to know that it was Radhika, who poisoned Veera Pandi's coffee, while also informing Rajalingam about Veera Pandi’s travel plans.
Selvam rushes to Radhika’s home, where Radhika’s mother and grandfather stated that Veera Pandi killed Radhika’s father years ago and they were waiting for a right opportunity to revenge. But, Veera Pandi also comes to Radhika’s home and tells a flashback about the true incident behind the murder of Radhika’s father. He also clarifies that it was not him who killed her father. Now, Radhika’s family feels guilty about their acts. Selvam feels bad that Radhika cheated him in the name of love and leaves her.
The next day, Radhika’s family apologizes to Veera Pandi and informs that they are leaving to another town. Veera Pandi and his wife Thangam (Urvasi) forgives Radhika’s mistake and urges Selvam to accept Radhika which he does. Selvam and Radhika get united. Finally, Selvam and his friends decide to kill Rajalingam which they do successfully.