Bahuparak

The movie opens with a call for a play titled 'Bahuparak'. The play opens with a character, which is portrayed by well known thinker and stand up comedian Richard Louis, expounding tenets of life and the principles of Karma. The story moves into a scene where the three main characters namely Manas, Mani, and Mauni, all played by Srinagar Kitty are introduced and each one starts narrating their life experiences.
Manas kicks off the story where he is shown as a handsome hunk who is on his way to meet the love of his life. However, his joy soon turns into gloom when he learns of a tragic news. The story, now being told in three distinct tracks, switches to the point where Mani is introduced. Mani is found unconscious on the road. He meets a friend named Mohan, who takes him in and helps him to etch out a living. However, Mani fails to make a living in the mainstream way, and he and Mohan soon take the shortcut and start robbing unsuspecting people, which soon enough to their bad luck ends in a murder. They are picked up by the police, where an inspector offers them a choice. Either go to jail for a long time or take the blame for a murder they didn't commit, and get out on bail. Mani and Mohan accept the offer.
The story then moves to a village, somewhere in North Karnataka. Mauni, a limping middle aged aspiring politician is frustrated because the person he helped to win an election has deserted him. To further exacerbate his feelings, he suffers a humiliating defeat in the next election. At this point, one of his friend's, also acting as his trusted adviser, leads Mauni to adopt the tried and tested method to win an election i.e. through money and muscle power.
The story ever revolving around Manas, Mani, and Mauni switches back to Manas, where it is revealed that his childhood friend Sneha played by Meghana Raj has stepped into his life. Just when Manas decides to propose Sneha, her twin sister, Preethi, enters their lives causing further turmoil in Manas's life.
Meanwhile, Mani, now slowly making his way as a big rowdy, soon establishes himself as a strong underworld don. Whereas Mauni reaches the highest echelons of power, however, his greed for power soon reaches unfathomable positions.
The story takes a critical turn at the point where, Manas, caught in the love triangle between Sneha and Preethi. Mani, caught in the cross fire of becoming the biggest don in the country. Mauni, who wants to become a top notch politician.
Will Manas come out unscathed? Will Mani reach his goal of becoming the biggest don? Will Mauni be able to quench his insatiable thirst for power? But, above all of this, who is Manas, Mani, and Mauni?. How their lives are linked forms the rest of the story.