Cast No Shadow

Set in Newfoundland, Cast No Shadow is a harrowing film that is centered around the life of 13-year-old Jude Traynor.
The film begins as Jude and his best friend Ricky scale the edge of a cliff towards a cavern which they believe habitats a troll. While the two boys walk along the cliff’s edge they get into an argument that escalates into a physical altercation. The altercation ends when Jude pushes Ricky off the cliff causing Ricky to break his leg.
After the altercation Ricky’s father picks up Ricky and contemptuously shuns Jude. As the night grows old Jude roams the woods and sees an old lady is picked up by his father Angus. Before arriving at their home, the two deliver illegal drugs to houses. After an erroneous drop-off Jude is chastised by his father. When Jude and Angus return to their home it is revealed that it is Jude’s birthday and that Angus is a widower.
After his father falls asleep Jude enters the basement where his prized possessions are stored. In a chest are items he has stolen, which have all been spray-painted gold, and lining the wall are stacks of books.
The next day, Jude meets up with Nancy and attends a court hearing regarding his father. After he makes amends with Ricky he relaxes, slouched against a tree. While relaxing he is startled by the old lady that he saw in the woods. Jude learns that the woman, who he and Nancy liken to a witch, is named Alfreda Jackson.
Jude’s journey throughout the film is anchored on his relationship with his father, Angus, Alfreda, and Nancy.
Jude’s relationship with his father remains contentious throughout the film. When Angus gets into trouble with the law Jude lives with Alfreda. While living with Alfreda, Jude learns about his past. He learns that his mother had died after pregnancy and that Alfreda had delivered him.
At the end of the film, the drugs Jude was supposed to deliver for his father were stolen by classmates. Scared, Jude runs away from home. Angus tracks Jude down and finds him at Alfreda’s house. Angus attacks them both and the fight ends when Alfreda stabs and kills Angus.
Jude then runs to the cavern that he and Ricky attempted to enter at the beginning of the film. On this attempt Jude he succeeds in entering. The film ends with Jude looking at the cave wall in a different manner because the events he experienced have changed his outlook.