Digambara Samiyar

The movie begin in Kumbakonam where a crooked advocate Sattanathan Pillai(D. Balasubramaniam) who is keen on getting Vadivambal(M. S. Draupadi), married to his useless brother Masilamani(T. K. Ramachandran). Sattanathan Pillai pretends to help the innocent Sundaram Pillai from Sundaram Pillai's crooked sister Alangaram. Sundaram Pillai is a good man helped his sister. However his sister Alangaram plans to grab his brother wealth. The crooked Sattanathan Pillai together with the judge plays double game against Sundaram Pillai (which Sundram Pillai do not know at that time).
Vadivambal's mother Anjalai and Anjalai's husband Namachivaayam Pillai forces Vadivambal to marry Masilamani. One day Vadivambal was visited by her maternal grandmother, she came to know from her grandfather, he is staying in Mannnargudi Velayudham pillai house and Vadivambal mother is not married. She decides to leave their house to Mannargudi to meet her maternal grand father. Meanwhile, Digambara Samiyar (M.N Nambiar) who renounce his life had confusion on his life. He was advised by a female monk to help people from the crooked Sattanathan Pillai. One night Digambara Samiyar pass-by at Alangaram house. He overheard the judge and Alangaram coversation and their cruel intention.
On his way Vadivambal was attacked by robbers. Digambara Samiyar pass by and saves her and gets to know about Vadivambal forceful wedding arrangement with Sattanathan's brother Masilamani. While they reached Mannargudi, they were attacked by Masilamani and Namachivaayam Pillai. However Kannapa passby and rescue Vadivambal and Digambara Samiyar. Both Kannapa(P. V. Narasimha Bharathi) and Vadivambal fall in love in their first look. Velayudha pillai and Kannapa greets Digambara Samiyar to their house. Velayudha Pillai was once worked in Sattanathan Pillai. Once Velayudha Pillai wife infected with cholera and pregnant. Sattanathan Pillai chase out Velayudha Pillai. Velayudha Pillai was helped by Chokka lingam Pillai. Sattanthan Pillai cheats Chokka linga Pillai and try to rape Chokkalingam Pillai's wife. She was saved by Velayudha Pillai.
Digambara Samiyar visits Sundaram Pillai and heard about his wife status. Sundaram Pillai tells his 3 years old daughter was kidnapped 15 years ago. His wife gets upset and visit a godman to know whereabout his daughter. The good man tells Sundaram Pillai's wife that she will not returns until she married. While Sundaram Pillai and Alangaram decides to leave, Sundaram questioned his wife presence. Alangaram and Sattanathan Pillai accused Sundaram Pillai's wife having an affair with the godman, which makes Sundaram Pillai reject his wife and leaves.
The lawyer is a matter at cutting corners, and a person saintly robes known as Digambara Saamiyar(M. N. Nambiar) is out to expose him. He appears in various disguise and success in his attempt after the story serveal twist and turns.
The novel is based on a theory that if a man is made to stay awake without sleep for 3– 4 days, he will be in a mood to confess everything hidden in his mind!. This theory has been used to great effect in the film, to keep the lawyer awake song and dance sequence featuring Lalitha - Padmini and Kumari Kamala were introduced.[1]