Mumbai-Pune-Mumbai

The story revolves around two characters, a boy (Swwapnil Joshi) from Pune and a girl (Mukta Barve) from Mumbai, whose names are not revealed. Barve is shown to arrive in Pune to meet a prospective groom (whom she has already decided to decline), and inadvertently comes across Joshi to ask for directions to the prospective groom (who is referred to as ‘"हृदयमर्दम" (Hridaymardyam)’ after the name of his residential colony). She finds the place, but seeing the door locked, checks out the neighbouring houses to find his whereabouts, but is turned away by the neighbour. She calls up her relative in Mumbai via a public phone (her mobile having run out of battery) and decides to spend the day in Pune, waiting for Hridaymardyam to show up. She bumps into Joshi again, and asks him directions to the nearest coffee shop. Joshi offers her a ride instead, and she being new in town, agrees, if only to save the hassle of searching for an address again; and they end up having coffee together. In the coffee shop, the two debate about their respective hometowns and constantly try to boast about their own city. She is exasperated by his constant chatter, but they share a curious chemistry nevertheless.
Between bouts of incessant culture-bashing, they share their life-stories and little secrets (such as him disclosing about his virginity or she telling him about her boyfriend back in Mumbai). She says that since ‘Hridaymardyam’ has made her wait for him, now she shall meet him at her own leisure. Saying so she asks Joshi to accompany her to a famous local garden-temple, Sarasbaug after which they proceed to the local and famous ‘Tulshi Baug’ market, and other local attractions thereafter. The duo are shown to begin understanding each other closely, sharing intimate details about their respective love-lives and cultural upbringing, as also their viewpoints on a variety of subjects. Through all of this, Joshi mysteriously never leaves her company, and neither does Barve, despite many scenarios where both could have gone their separate ways.
In one instance she tries to call Hridaymardyam from Joshi’s cellphone, but the number is shown to be engaged. Thinking nothing of it, and deciding to return without meeting him, she spends the remaining day with Joshi, until it is time to leave for Mumbai. Finally arriving at the station, Barve hands over a written note to Joshi, explaining her reason for not wanting to marry Hridaymardyam, and asks Joshi to deliver it to him. They both bid their farewells, where they finally for the first time ask each other their names. As Barve identifies herself as just ‘Mumbai’, Joshi befittingly replies ‘Pune’. They take each other’s leave, but not before ‘Pune’ asks her to return his mobile handset which she had earlier kept in her handbag. When asked for his phone number, Joshi mystically replies "असंही आपण पुन्हा भेटणार नाही ; त्यापेक्षा आजचा दिवस ठेव की आठवणीत ! (Asahi apan punha bhetnar nahi, tyapeksha aajcha divas thev ki aathvanit!)" (We’re never going to meet ever again as it is, let’s just remember this day in our memories!); and refuses to give his number.
As he exits the station, ‘Mumbai’ at last receives a call from Hridaymardyam, who asks her to meet her outside the station; her train due to leave in 15 minutes, she agrees and comes out to the parking lot to find ‘Pune’ unable to start his bike, but no sign of Hridaymardyam yet. When she explains why she is outside instead of on the platform waiting for her train, ‘Pune’ expresses surprise and teases her over her eagerness to meet Hridaymardyam, and rightly declares that he is sure she has changed her mind about not wanting to marry him, making her blush.
However, Hridaymardyam does not show up, and when she asks 'Pune' for his phone to call him again, he tells her to look in the dialled list, the second entry below her number. She dials and gets a busy tone again, and decides to leave, having already left the note in Joshi’s possession. But in a split second of realization, she turns back and asks him how did he have her number in his dialled list if she never ever gave it to him? To which he replies "ते फारसं महत्वाचं नाहीये ! तू हा विचार कर की त्याच नंबरवरून तोच नंबर कसा काय लागेल ?" (Te faarsa mahatvacha nahiye. Tu haa vichar kar ki tyach number varun toch number kasaky laagel?)" (That is not important. What you should think about is ‘how can a person one call a cell phone from that same cell phone’?); revealing that he himself is, in fact, Hridaymardyam, the one she had originally come to meet and ended up unknowingly spending the entire day with.
As she digests this new information, he explains how she approached him in the morning and asked him directions to his own address, and how he decided to try out this new way to date a girl. He then proclaims his love for her, and asks her to marry him. She says she will think about it (her blushes clearly indicating it is a ‘yes’), and runs away to the platform to catch the moving train. The closing scene shows Joshi (aka ‘Pune’ aka Hridaymardyam) rushing in behind her, and the credits roll.