Aaghaaz 

Govind Narang (Sunil Shetty), an honest and chivalrous man from a small village in Punjab. He falls in love with Sudha (Sushmita Sen), but marries his mentor's daughter, Pushpa (Suman Ranganathan), to save her from public ridicule. Pushpa was impregnated by a police officer who refuses to marry her. She does not love Govind and hates Sudha with a passion. Together with her brother, Laxman (Sharad Kapoor), Pushpa tries to expel Sudha from the village, but is unsuccessful. When Laxman finds out about Pushpa's infidelity, he poisons her. After his wife's death, Govind relocates to Mumbai with his sister, Ratna (Shraddha Nigam). He meets beautiful Gitika (Namrata Shirodkar) and they fall in love. One day, as Govind defends the honor of a young girl from the brother of a hoodlum, Johnny Handsome (Sharat Saxena), he generates hatred and animosity. Johnny is humiliated by Govind and swears vengeance with the help of Sadanand Kutty (Gulshan Grover) and Karim Khan Toofani (Govind Namdeo). On the other hand, Govind befriends Ram Sevak (Alok Nath), and with his help and assistance of a landowner arranges the purchase of a large plot of land so that hawkers and small shop-owners could set up their businesses. But nothing goes according to plan. The plot of land and the owner turn out to be fake, Ram Sevak turns out to be a member of the gangsters, and Govind gets all the blame; His sister is openly raped, and Govind himself gets seriously wounded, in broad daylight before the very eyes of the people he defended. Govind is then helped by Sudha, and he decides to exact revenge. He files an FIR against everyone in the neighbourhood who witnessed what happened to his sister except the culprits themselves. When they are brought to court, he condemns everyone for their attitude, and then tells them to be brave and fight the criminals. Encouraged by this, the entire neighbourhood decides to take on the gang. They attack the gangsters with bottles when they come to threaten them in the locality, and then move on to Johnny handsome's office, breaking everything and attacking all the goons. In join Govind and Sudha to attack the gangsters and arrest them. The criminals are sentenced to death and everything returns to normal. In the end, though on a happy note, Govind's sister marries a close friend of the family Harish (Akshay Anand), and Govind agrees to marry Sudha.