Nammoora Mandara Hoove

Manoj (Shivaraj Kumar) is a film director, whose father is a singer and Music composer. He tells his producer (Avinash) that he plans to visit different locations for his forthcoming film. He decides to go to Karwar, which is 322 miles north west of Bangalore, in the Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka. He then plans to stay with Praveen (Ramesh), a close friend, who lives in Yellapur, also in Uttara in order to see the location, and to shoot the location on video. Praveen says that Pramod Hegde is the best person to guide him.
Next day, Manoj goes for a walk by the beautiful Satoddi Waterfalls, where he hears a girl with a beautiful voice. He films her, but when she sees him, she runs off. Then he meets a young lad, Deepu (Master Vinayak Joshi), to whom he shows the girl he has filmed in his video camera, and asks who she is. He tells her that she is his sister, Suma (Prema). Manoj is intrigued by the girl, and the sound of her voice. He gradually falls in love with her. He meets Shivram Dixit, her singing teacher, and Praveen's friend, Pramod who is to be his guide. Then Praveen introduces him to Suma ? they look at each other, with love in their eyes.
There is a cry, Deepu has fallen in the well. Everyone runs to the well, and Manoj and Pramod jump in to save him. Manoj gives him artificial respiration, and everyone is relieved when he finally breathes again. Suma signals her gratitude to Manoj. They decide to go for a picnic to Yana, a place famous for two massive black, crystalline limestone rock outcrops, the Bhairaveshwara Shikhara and the smaller Mohini Shikhara. They take Suma, Praveen, Sudha (Praveen?s sister), Pramod and Maruthi (Praveen's servant). Manoj tells Suma that he loves her, and Suma begins to gradually fall in love with Manoj. Another girl, Jaji, arrives on the scene. Maruthi (to whom her father had promised her in marriage) had told her father that he had seen her out with Mahadev, whom she says she loves. Her back is bruised, where her father had beaten her because of what Maruthi had told him.
Manoj tells Praveen that Suma could become a very famous singer. He says he will make a recording of her voice, and send it to his father. Praveen is delighted, and so is Suma. He also sends a video cassette of her to his mother, and later tells her that she is the girl he wants to marry. However, Praveen starts to behave differently way. Sudha, his sister realises that Praveen has loved Suma for a long time, but has never told her of his love for her, and Sudha tells him that she is going to tell Manoj but Praveen makes her promise not to tell anybody. Manoj overhears this conversation and decides to sacrifice his love for Praveen but Praveen also decides to sacrifice his love for Manoj. Who will marry Suma?