Abang Long Fadil

Abang Long Fadil 2 continues the journey of Fadil, who falls into the mafia world mastered by Taji Samprit and his son Wak Doyok. A particular incident causes Fadil to be mistaken by Inspector Wahab and Inspector Shuib as a notorious mercenary named Tiger.
At the same time, Yana, a TVKL reporter who often covered Tiger's murder cases, is also trapped in a fugitive problem faced by Fadil. Fadil is forced to live as a murderer despite his innocence. His first target is Kingkong, a crazy mafia and an enemy to Taji Samprit.
Various acts and situations took place in Fadil's life as a mercenary. The only one way to clear his name is to look for Tiger's true identity to correct the situation and to prove his innocence.[5]
Later that evening, Fadil went to King Kong's club with disguise as the bombay. But when they saw knife that on King Kong's neck, the police arrived at the night club where Tiger (Fadil) killed King Kong. Inspector Wahab and his partner pursued Tiger (Fadil) by motorcycles, causing police cars to be hit by accidents and Inspector Wahab and his colleagues were injured while pursuing Tiger (Fadil).
Wak Doyok paid RM 10 million and hired Fadil to kill another Taji Samprit because he had hired him to kill his own mother. He wanted him to kill Taji Samprit and confiscate a lock on which the key was kept by his own father. Inspector Wahab and Inspector Shuib visited Yana's house and questioned the murder of Datin Mona who killed Tiger. Inspector Wahab advised Yana that the suspect was dangerous.
All three have been attacked by Cobra, brother of King Kong. After the car crash, Fadil ordered Ali and Yana to leave and let Fadil stay to fight with Cobra. After Cobra severely attacks Fadil and avenge his brother's death, he forgives to Cobra and invites him to his house where that had RM 500,000.
At the same time, Wak Doyok was shocked when his father was still alive, until his father wants to ordered his gangs to attacking his own son. He almost defeated Taji Samprit's gangs, including Rudy. He fights with his father, until his father defeats him. Taji Samprit tries to kill Wak Doyok, but is killed by Tiger. He explained to Wak Doyok that Fadil was a subordinate gangster. Wak Doyok angry and orders him to kill Fadil.
In the warehouse area, Fadil thrrows the locket to Wak Doyok and Wak Doyok unties Yana by the rope, until Tiger and Wak Doyok together to kill Fadil. Starting in the final showdown, Fadil and Yana are escaped from Wak Doyok and wants to fight Fadil. While Cobra fights with Tiger for avenge his brother's death. Fadil wants to kill Wak Doyok, until Inspector Wahab and Inspector Shuib surround all the warehouse areas. Inspector Shuib aims Inspector Wahab because Shuib knows he is the Taji's right-hand man. But the Inspector Wahab explained that Fadil was innocent. However, Inspector Wahab hired Rudy to work as a police officer. Wahab's inspector reminded that the camouflage of Tiger, Ali.
Continued in the final showdown, Cobra was killed by Ali. Inspector Wahab and Inspector Shuib chased Ali up to Inspector Wahab and Inspector Shuib shooting Ali with some explosives. Ali resurrected, but Inspector Wahab shots Ali to death. Wak Doyok fights with Fadil again, until Wak Doyok defeats Fadil. Wak Doyok wanted to kill Fadil but he was saved by Yana who gets a bullet shot by firing gun Wak Doyok. Fadil was very angry, then fought Wak Doyok. Fadil managed to defeat Wak Doyok and police had to arrest Wak Doyok. Yana was sent to hospital due to being shot by Wak Doyok. Inspector Wahab and Inspector Shuib thanked Fadil for assisting the police and freeing Fadil.
Fadil opens Taji's container where by using Taji's locket in the key. There is a bunch of money that Taji Samprit was kept it. Now Fadil and Yana become a rich. Fadil brought his own car and Datuk Yusof Haslam will make another movie called 'Abang Long Fadil 3'. Fadil will make the film called 'Abang Long Fadil vs. Treans' but it will not be released at the cinema because Fadil has been in jail.