3 Idiots

Onboard a departing Air India flight Farhan Qureshi suddenly receives a call from Chatur Ramalingam claiming that he has found Rancho. He then causes an emergency landing by feigning a heart attack. Farhan fetches Raju Rastogi and they meet Chatur at a water tank in their old college campus; Chatur revealing that Rancho is in Shimla.
As they drive their way to Shimla, a flashback shows Farhan and Raju beginning their college year in the prestigious Imperial College of Engineering (ICE) in Delhi. They are joined Ranchoddas "Rancho" Chanchad. While Farhan takes engineering over photography to please his father, Raju takes the course to lift his family from poverty. Rancho, on the other hand, believes in hands on learning and tends to give unorthodox answers in class, coming into conflict with professors, in particular with the institution's director, Dr. Viru Sahastrabuddhe or "Virus", whose traditional and strict philosophies on education contrast sharply with Rancho's carefree love of learning. Meanwhile, Chatur, nicknamed “Silencer", is an arrogant Ugandan-born Tamil student with little knowledge of Hindi, who is obsessed with topping the exams. During a Teachers' Day event, Chatur is humiliated when he delivers a Hindi speech modified by Rancho, and bets Rancho that ten years later, they would see who is more successful. Ranch later befriends Virus' daughter Pia, who is a residency student at the city's hospital.
One night during their senior year, the three friends drunkenly break into Virus' house. As the three friends escape, Virus recognizes Raju, and threatens to expel him unless he writes a letter implicating Rancho in the break-in. Unwilling to betray Rancho who once saved his father's life, Raju unsuccessfully attempts suicide. With intensive care and support from his friends, Raju recovers in time for a corporate job interview. Meanwhile, Rancho and Pia post Farhan's letter to his favorite photographer, Andre Istvan, who offers him a position as assistant. After advice from Rancho, he communicates his dream to his father, who gives his blessing.
Infuriated by Rancho's influence, Virus sets a difficult final exam to fail Raju. Pia tries to help the trio by revealing to them the location of the exam paper, but Virus finds out and expels them. Pia confronts Virus about her brother who committed suicide because he couldn't meet Virus' expectation of clearing the engineering exam. That same night Virus' pregnant elder daughter Mona goes into labor during a heavy storm, and Rancho and the other students use their engineering knowledge to deliver the baby with the help of Pia over video call. A grateful Virus finally acknowledges Rancho as an extraordinary student, allowing the three to graduate. Unexpectedly, Rancho disappears shortly after the convocation.
Returning to the present, Farhan is a successful wildlife photographer, Raju is married is settled in a comfortable lifestyle with a corporate job and wife, and Chatur is vice president of a reputed corporation in the United States. None of them have heard from Rancho since graduation. Arriving at Shimla, they meet a man who turns out to be the real Ranchoddas Chanchad. From him, they learn that the Rancho they knew was actually "Chhote", an orphaned servant to the Chanchad family. Ranchoddas' father arranged for Chhote to attend ICE in his son's name, so that his son could take credit for the degree. Ranchoddas provides Chhote's address in Ladakh, where he is a school teacher. On the way, they pass Manali and rescue Pia from marrying her materialistic boyfriend Suhas, so that she can marry Rancho.
Upon arrival in Ladakh, the four find the village school, witnessing young students' inventions that resemble Rancho's own college projects. Raju, Farhan, and Pia then happily reunite with Rancho but Chatur insults Rancho, and asks him to sign a statement that he is the less successful one. Without comment, Rancho does so. As Chatur walks away in triumph, Rancho reveals himself to be Phunsukh Wangdu, a world-renowned inventor with over 400 patents, with whom Chatur seeks a contract. A horrified Chatur accepts his defeat and begs him to sign the contract while Pia and the three friends run away laughing.