Gharwali Baharwali

Arun (Anil Kapoor) is married to Kaajal (Raveena Tandon) and they have been trying to conceive a child for some time. After going for some tests, the doctor (Asrani) informs them that they cannot, and this is due to shortcomings from Arun. However, the doctor then secretly confesses to Arun that it is in fact Kaajal who cannot conceive, to spare her from the shame that would have followed in Indian society.
Arun's father, Hiralal (Kader Khan) discovers this and tries to force Arun to marry again as he wants a grandchild - however, Arun refuses to marry anyone except for Kajaal.
One day, Jumbo (Satish Kaushik) and Arun go to Nepal, were Jumbo comes across a girl, Manisha (Rambha,) who is about to be publicly disgraced. He arranges the girl's freedom by stating that Arun will marry the girl - without conferring with Arun. Arun attends the wedding ceremony, unbeknownst to him that he is in fact the groom and the ceremony is being performed around him, owed essentially to the fact that they were speaking a different language and the ceremony was different from that in India.
Shortly after the ceremony, he discovers that he is now married to Manisha, and had been tricked into doing so by Jumbo. Arun returns to India, where he remains in contact with Manisha, who learns to speak fluent Hindi from their mutual friend Gopal (Tiku Talsania) whom they met in Nepal. Hiralal now desperately wants a grandchild to lighten up his life, so he requests the couple to adopt a child. However, by this time - Arun now has a child with Manisha in Nepal and proceeds to adopt the child with Kajaal - named Rinku - and "employ" Manisha in their house as a maid to allow Manisha to be near her son - all unknown to Kajaal.
Hiralal discovers that Manisha is in fact Arun's wife and Rinku is their blood-child and begins to secretly dote upon Manisha, while Kajaal criticises the relationship that the "employer and servant" shared. One evening, after Hiralal and Manisha return from the cinema, Kajaal confronts her father-in-law as to why he is favouring the house-maid over his own daughter-in-law; out of anger, Kajaal attempts to throw Manisha out of the house. Arun intervenes and then declares that Manisha has just as much as right to this house as she does, and even more right to be with Rinku than Kajaal - as his wife and Rinku's biological mother.
The story concludes with everyone accepting the situation of polygyny and living together.