Ringmaster

The movie starts with Prince (Dileep),who is working as dog trainer in a dog clinic owned by his friend Dr Muthu (Kalabhavan Shajon), and Peter (Aju Varghese) is filming a documentary of the clinic. His life changes when an affluent rich lady Elizabeth and her female dog Lisa enters his life. Elizabeth appoints Prince as a caretaker for her dogs on the condition that Lisa,one of her pet should never get pregnant. However, Prince fails at the dire moment, when the guide dog of visually challenged Karthika (Keerthy Suresh) mates with Lisa. Things get worse, when Lisa delivers four puppies, but unfortunately she dies in labor, along with three of her kids. Prince names the lone puppy 'Diana', whom he raises with utmost care. Despite a rough start, Prince and Karthika gets along and become close friends. Diana becomes famous after she acts in a movie which marks Peter's directional debut, which eventually becomes a superhit. Later on she does a movie with the actress Diana who had betrayed Prince earlier.
A heartbroken Prince once remembers all about his sweet past with the then student Diana, whose real name was Sarasamma. It was upon her father's request that Prince came up with the new name for his prospective sweetheart. As Diana grew to be talented and a beautiful woman, Prince strived to the fullest to bring her to the silver screen. As fame, followed by a sense of ungratefulness begins to rack in, Diana publicly disowned Prince, which made him an object of heavy ridicule in front of his people. It was that humiliation which pitted Prince to go all out against his former love interest.
Prince, with a huge support of his friends, including Karthika, survives every plot the actress Diana sets against the canine Diana and her master. In the meantime, Elizabeth learns that her dog Lisa was canine Diana's mother, and sues Prince for title of his dog's ownership.
At last, Prince wins the case for keeping the canine Diana, on the grounds of his boundless love towards his dog, while the actress Diana learns the lesson that fame is not everything, and even a dog can outfame a human, when the time is right. In the aftermath that follows, Peter gets married, Dr.Muthu opens a hospital in his own name, and most significantly, Karthika undergoes a successful eye surgery and starts a new life with her guardian angel Prince..