Krishna Cottage

The film opens at a function celebrating the launch of a book by Professor Siddharth Das (Rajendranath Zutshi). The professor donates a copy of the book to JC College. The college principal removes the book from the library and places it in an abandoned storeroom.
A group of close college friends all attend JC College: Manav (Sohail Khan), Shanti (Anita Hassanandani),Kabir (Ali Hassan (actor)), Akshay (Hiten Tejwani),Nupur (Divya Palat) and Talli (Vrajesh Hirjee). Disha (Isha Koppikar), a beautiful girl arrives joins the college. Although Manav is engaged to Shanti, he finds himself strangely drawn towards Disha. Disha gradually gets close to Manav, which perturbs Shanti. Manav explains that he feels strangely protective of Disha but that his real love is Shanti.
Strange telekinetic events transpire at Manav and Shanti's engagement, one of which nearly kills Disha. When the group drives Disha home, their car breaks down and they are forced to spend the night at an old halfway house: Krishna Cottage. The peculiar events intensify at Krishna Cottage, and two of the friends are nearly killed. Disha explains that the spirit of her dead boyfriend, Amar Khanna, is the one causing these supernatural occurrences. One day, Nupur reads Professor Siddharth Das's book and discovers that the book exposes something about Amar Khanna. Before she can reveal it, she is murdered by a mysterious force.
Talli overhears a conversation between Professor Siddharth Das and the college principal. The professor explains that the book is jinxed and cautions that it must be destroyed. Kabir reads the book and is murdered. Shanti meets Disha's mother, who reveals Disha has been dead for 22 years. Stunned, Shanti flees and is pursued by Disha's spirit. She faints and awakens at the home of a noted medium, Sunita Menon (Rati Agnihotri). Sunita performs a seance that invokes Disha's spirit. The spirit angrily exclaims its quest for the death of the kids.
Talli reads the book and learns that it is all about Krishna Cottage, but is murdered by Disha. Professor Das has burnt the last few pages of the book and has also been killed by the spirit. Manav discovers a body preserved in ice. The body bears an uncanny similarity to him; this brings back a flood of visions: Manav was in fact, Amar Khanna in his previous birth. He and Disha were students of JC College many years ago. Disha was madly in love with him, but he turned her down because he thought of her as a friend. Angry, Disha committed murders and framed Amar for it. However, Amar found the murder weapon in Disha's car. Disha crashed the car into the side of a mountain, instantly killing them both. The professor and the principal were witnesses to Amar and Disha's death. Disha has now returned as a spirit to reclaim her lost love.
Sunita suggests the only way to stop Disha: Manav and Shanti must be married, as this bond is too strong for a spirit to break. The wedding ceremony commences that night, and Disha's spirit attacks, throwing Sunita up, in the air and she falls down on a tree branch which impales her belly, killing her. Manav then agrees to go with Disha's spirit, but says that while the spirit may claim his body, his heart belongs to his wife Shanti. This finally appeases the spirit and liberates it. The film ends with Manav and Shanti happily married.