Anando Brahma

Deepa, Taapsee, Vijayachander and Raghu are ghosts staying in their ancestral house. They are shown to be waiting for the wife of Vijayachander to come home. They don't know how they were killed. A family visits their house for tenancy but they scare the family away. The broker who deals with the house is also scared as he spots the ghost of Taapsee and informs their presence to the house owner Ramu (Rajiv Kanakala), an NRI and his cop friend Vamshi (Raja Ravindra). Vamshi is apprehensive while Vamshi dismisses it as a concoction while in real, Raja connives with Yadagiri to force Ramu to sell his house at a throwaway price by fabricating and peddling the ghost story. Sidhu (Srinivasa Reddy) overhears their conversation and makes a deal with Ramu that he would be sending his three friends to stay one night at the house and if they survived, Ramu would pay some part of the sale price to Sidhu as commission. But his three friends encounter ghosts that night. One of them (Supreeth) is locked in bathroom, his friend (Jeeva) is knocked unconscious and another is scared away. Ramu is convinced that there are ghosts and is about to sell it at the price demanded by Yadagiri. But Ramu after being urged by Srinu, gives him one last chance to prove that the house is not haunted. Sidhu and his friend Tulasi (Tagubothu Ramesh) meet Babu (Shakalaka Shankar) and Raju (Vennela Kishore) coincidentally and all are in desperate need of money. Sidhu has to take care of his amnesiac mother and needs to have a heart surgery to overcome the problem of hole in his heart. Babu, who is so infatuated by movies that he starts enacting the role he watches, is duped by Bharani who posed himself as an agent of famous cinema producers in Tollywood. Tulasi, a drunkard who drinks only after the clock ticks 9 in the night, in an inebriated state bets on a cricket match and loses his money that he saved for his son's surgery. Raju is deaf and color blind who often uses his flute when frightened. He is embroiled in a robbery case after an ATM he was guarding was looted and he was caught napping in CCTV. The security agency that hired him tells him to repay the money lost to prevent the agency from getting banned.
As they start staying in the house, all the ghosts decide to scare them away. However, all the four friends manage to stay not scared due to their peculiar habits, and instead start intimidating the ghosts. After the first day, Ramu inquires with Sidhu about the presence of ghosts and decides to give him two more days to finally sell the house. Raja does not like Sidhu and his group staying inside the house and sends fake ghosts to scare them away. However, the fake ghosts are frightened away by the real ghosts. On the second night too, Sidhu and his group too manage to stay calm and manage to scare the ghosts. However, on the third night, the ghosts frighten the group and are about to kill them when Sidhu's mother comes to the house looking for him. She is none other than Vijayachander's wife and in a flashback, reveals that Ramu is their son. Taapsee and Deepa have been adopted by the couple. Ramu incurs loss in a business and to cover for the losses, he intends to sell the house. Vijayachander refuses to sell the house which infuriates Ramu and kills all of the family members except his mother. The ghosts realise the reasons for their death and exact their revenge by killing Ramu. Sidhu and group while leaving the house find cash-laden bag in the car of Ramu and take them away.