Gidget Goes Hawaiian

Francie "Gidget" Lawrence (Deborah Walley) and Jeff "Moondoggie" Matthews (James Darren) have just gotten pinned when Gidget's father Russ (Carl Reiner) announces that they are going to Hawaii for two weeks- the remainder of Moondoggie's summer break. Gidget refuses to go and leave Jeff alone. However, when Jeff encourages Gidget to go to Hawaii, Gidget- angry and disappointed- gives him back his pin and tells her folks she has changed her mind.
On the plane en route to the Aloha State, Gidget meets Abby Stewart (Vicki Trickett) and popular dance Eddie Horner (Michael Callan) who is en route to a performance at a theater–restaurant next to their hotel, and several more boys. In recounting her break-up to Abby, Gidget dramatically describes having gone overboard and "surrendered herself completely," which Abby misinterprets as "she went all the way". As the kids mingle, Gidget's parents and Abby's parents Monty (Eddie Foy Jr.) and Mitzi (Peggy Cass) are enjoying each other's company.
As heart-broken Gidget mopes in her room, Russ feels badly and decides to send for Jeff, suggesting that he come to Hawaii to surprise Gidget. Jeff immediately accepts.
That night, Abby visits Gidget and invites her to join her and Eddie and the rest of the gang. Gidget declines at first, but her mother persuades her to change her mind. When Gidget makes a big hit with the boys and dances with Eddie, she inadvertently becomes Abby's rival.
Gidget makes an even bigger impression surfing the next day, leading to an unexpected kiss from Eddie just as Jeff arrives. The two argue and finally decide to go their separate ways with Jeff threatening to "get a game of his own going". The "game" begins that night at dinner when Jeff arrives with Abby (who is unaware that he is Gidget's boyfriend "Moondoggie") and Gidget retaliates by flirting with Eddie.
The contest continues through water-skiing and other activities until Abby, fed up and jealous, decides to spread a wanton rumor that Gidget has slept with Eddie and other guys. Abby's mother relays this gossip to Gidget's mother, quickly leading to arguments between the two, between Gidget and her parents, and finally between both married couples. Gidget's father finds himself drinking with Abby's mother in the hotel bar, while Abby's father and Gidget's mother also make peace. The two mismatched couples wander off in search of each other.
At the Luau that night, Eddie runs into Gidget and confesses he's in love with her. A crestfallen Gidget tells him that she doesn't love him but they agree to be friends. However, Gidget still can't bring herself to go to the Luau since she doesn't know how far Abby's rumor has spread, so she goes for a walk alone on the beach and in a series of musical vignettes, pictures herself as a tramp, a fan dancer, and an unwed mother.
Back at the Luau, Abby tells Jeff about the rumor that Gidget sleeps around, admitting that it's a lie and that Gidget only had one affair with a guy named "Moondoggie". Jeff then realizes how much he cares about Gidget, so he puts Abby in her place by telling her to call him what everyone at home calls him: "Moondoggie". Jeff and Gidget reconcile on the beach and head back to the hotel to straighten everything out with the adults. When the hotel clerk informs them that Russ and Mitzi left the hotel from one way and Monty and Dorothy left from another exit, Gidget and Jeff wait for them in her parents' suite, thinking the worst.
At the Mauhana Room, the adults also reconcile after discussing the situation; Mitzi assures Russ and Dorothy that Abby will be punished for her misdeed. They return to the hotel and find that Gidget is not in her suite. Word of Gidget's disappearance gets around to her friends, and Abby shows deep regret for the trouble she has caused. Soon, everybody is gathered in Gidget's room, deeply worried and unaware that Gidget is just down the hall in her parents' suite with Jeff.
As Gidget kissed Jeff on the couch, her father finally enters and expresses shock, then relief. Gidget tries desperately to cover for each of her parents' apparent indiscretions, but soon all misunderstandings are cleared up.
The next day, the guys drag a terrified Abby into the ocean and place her on Gidget's surfboard. When the surf comes rolling in, Abby frantically clings on for dear life while Gidget and Jeff enjoy riding the waves.