Oru Kai Osai

Ashwini is a doctor who enters the Siruvallur village to lead a peaceful life. She sees Bhagyaraj at different instances trying to attempt suicide. Bhagyaraj, during his childhood, had lost his voice by seeing his mother drowning and losing her life while crossing a flooded river. Due to his disability, he thinks that he has no meaning in life anymore, which becomes the reason for his multiple suicide attempts. Ashwini, as a doctor, gives basic treatment to Bhagyaraj which eventually leads Bhagyaraj to falling in love with her. Bhagyaraj also has a relative Ponni who has a crush on him irrespective of his disability. When Ponni decides to express her love to Bhagyaraj, she comes to know that he is already in love with Ashwini. She leaves her love aside and decides not to express her love to him anymore.
One fine day, Ashwini's daughter and her brother arrives to the village to stay with her. Ashwini actually used to have a lover who was killed in a train accident before their marriage. The little girl, i.e., Ashwini's daughter gets attached to Bhagyaraj. Ashwini's cousin brother and Ponni get attracted to each other as well. After a point of time, Bhagyaraj is separated from his village and stays on the other side of the river for seven days as he had fought with his fellow villagers. During that time, he sees Ashwini's daughter attempting to cross the flooding river to see him. He gets into the river and shouts at her to not come towards him. By doing so, he regains his voice as before. After getting back his voice, he decides to talk Ashwini before talking to anyone. Meanwhile, Ashwini decides to marry Bhagyaraj as she feels that Bhagyaraj would be a good father to her daughter. On their marriage day, Ashwini sees her ‘dead’ lover as one of the marriage attendees. It is revealed that he did not die. His wallet was pickpocketed by a thief, who was the one who died, and seeing the wallet, everyone misunderstood him as the one who died.
Finally, Bhagyaraj decides to unite Ashwini with her lover, and Ponni with Ashwini's cousin, and they get married. Bhagyaraj remains unmarried and acts like he is dumb till the end.