Bright

In an alternate present, humans live in uneasy peace with orcs, elves, centaurs, dwarves and other races after they fought for thousands of years. In Los Angeles, veteran LAPD police officer Daryl Ward has been involuntarily partnered with Nick Jakoby, the nation's first orcish police officer. Jakoby is faced with prejudice by humans for his race, and by orcs for his position as an officer; Ward is ambivalent towards Jakoby after an incident in which he allowed an orc to escape causes Ward to question Jakoby's loyalities. A previously detained human Shield of Light devotee tells Jakoby that both officers are in a prophecy and that Ward is blessed. While booking the devotee, Ward is approached by Internal Affairs who say they believe that Jakoby put his racial loyalties before his partner. Ward is pressured to try to have Jakoby confess on tape so they will have grounds to fire Jakoby.
That night, Ward and Jakoby respond to a disturbance at what turns out to be a Shield of Light safe house; inside is evidence indicating magic was used. They apprehend the lone unhurt survivor, a young elf named Tikka in possession of a legendary magic wand who apparently only speaks Elfish. As Jakoby puts it, a wand is like "a nuclear weapon that grants wishes", and can only be commanded by a 'Bright'—a person with the rare ability to use magic. If a non-Bright touches a wand, they will explode from the raw magical power.
When four officers arrive as backup, their racial prejudice cause them to try and coerce Ward into killing Jakoby and lying about the incident, allowing them to steal the wand. Ward goes outside and questions him about the incident earlier with the orc; meanwhile the officers plan to kill Ward. Ward overhears this and decides to believe Jakoby and kills all four officers. The incident, however, attracts the attention of the local human gang Altamira, and the two flee with Tikka and the wand. Leilah, a member of the ominous group Inferni and owner of the wand, arrives at the safehouse minutes later, searching for the wand and Tikka.
The trio flee through the territory of the Fogteeth Orc clan, with the gang's leader, Poison, wanting to regain the use of his legs through the wand. The Inferni then appear and the ensuing fight gives the trio the opportunity to escape again. At a service station, Ward contacts his friend, Sheriff Deputy Rodriguez, who he hopes will help them in protecting the wand. Rodriguez contacts Kandomere, an elf working for the federal 'Magic Task Force'; dedicated to securing, containing and protecting magical objects. Kandomere tells Ward that he will be safe from prosecution for killing his fellow police officers, if they can keep the wand out of wrong hands. Before Rodriguez can bring them in, Leilah's henchmen attack the trio, killing him.
Ward, Jakoby, and Tikka run into the Fogteeth Orc clan again and are dragged before its leader Dorghu. Enraged at the chaos they are causing, Dorghu. He then orders his son, Mikey, to kill Jakoby after failing to find out here the wand is. However, Mikey reveals that he was the orc that Jakoby allowed to escape and thus refuses to kill him. Dorghu sends his son away and kills Jakoby himself. As he prepares to kill Ward, Tikka produces the wand she had magically hidden and uses it to resurrect Jakoby, revealing that she is a Bright. The cloaked clan priest pronounces this to be the will of the Prophecy, causing the clan to kneel to Jakoby and allow the trio to go free. Tikka, now trusting them, speaks to them in English for the first time and explains the Inferni's plan. They wish to resurrect The Dark Lord, an ancient mythical figure who will rise from the dead and take over the world. Once a member of the Inferni herself, Tikka had been protected by the Shield of Light and fled with the wand.
The use of the wand causes Tikka to become ill and the only way to save her to is place her in a pool back at the house where they found her. They return to the safehouse but are ambushed by Leilah and the remaining Inferni. The trio successfully kill the Inferni, but Leilah is resurrected. Just as Ward places Tikka in the magic pool, Leilah hangs Jakoby and knocks both Ward and Tikka out of the pool. Leilah unsuccessfully tries to convince Tikka to join her. Jakoby breaks free and shoots the wand out of Leilah's hand, but runs out of ammo before he can kill her again. Leilah is about to kill Tikka when Ward picks up the fallen wand and is revealed to also be a Bright, using the wand to kill Leilah with an explosion that sets the building on fire. In the ensuing commotion, Tikka disappears and the injured Ward and Jakoby flee from the building, with Jakoby saving an injured Ward. After rescuing Ward, Dorghu and his clan appear and perform an ancient orc ceremony signifying to Jakoby that he is now "blooded" - an Orcish status only achievable by an act of great bravery.
Ward awakens the next day in a hospital room to find Jakoby at his bedside and himself restrained as he is an "extremely dangerous" Bright. As Kandomere appears, Ward understands (but Jakoby does not) that Kandomere wants to contain the incident, and gives him a fake statement as to what happened, denying the use of magic. In a public announcement before a crowd, Jakoby and Ward are honored by the city for their actions against the 'extremist group' Inferni. Ward smiles as he spots Tikka moving through the crowd in disguise.