Meyaadha Maan

Murali (Vaibhav), also known as 'Idhayam' Murali by his friends as he is like the emotional lead character from the film, Idhayam (1990), rings his friends, Vinoth (Vivek Prasanna) and Kishore (Arun Prasath) informing them that he is going to commit suicide, as he is not able to bear the engagement of his college mate, Madhu (Priya Bhavani Shankar), whom Murali has feelings of one-sided love. In an attempt to stop his suicide, Vinoth and Kishore request Madhu to speak badly about Murali, which Madhu does hesitantly. On hearing this, Murali feels outraged and cancels his suicide attempt. He also believes that Madhu is a bad girl. However, he blabbers about Madhu and how he loved her which slightly moves Madhu. The marriage is postponed by a year.
One year after, life moves on and Kishore invites Vinoth and Murali for his wedding. However, Vinoth is injured in an accident, so, Murali attends the marriage and also performs with his music crew, "Meyadha Maan". Murali meets Madhu and they pick up a quarrel over a room allotment. Murali walks out of the marriage after understanding that both Vinoth and Kishore are hell bent in ensuring that he does not torture Madhu during the marriage. Madhu is pained to hear that Murali still does not know about the drama on that suicide night.
Meanwhile, Sudarvizhi (Indhuja Ravichandran), Murali's sister learns about her brother's one side love with Madhu and falls in love with Vinoth. She ensures a fall out with Vinoth as he refuses to see her other than a sister. Murali learns that Sudarvizhi is in love with Vinoth and happily assures her that he will ensure that she is married to Vinoth. Vinoth does not know about Sudarvizhi's love and feels that she had quarrelled with him as she was suffering from trauma due to a fever and a headache.
One day, Vinoth meets Madhu and thanks her for her noble gesture. Suddenly Madhu falls down unconscious. Vinoth admits her in a hospital and is rushing to fetch money for her treatment. Murali is suspicious that Vinoth has fallen in love with someone and follows him to the hospital. Murali gets upset when he sees his friend aid the treatment of Madhu, who he believes is his sworn enemy. Subsequently, Murali comes to know about the drama played by Vinoth and attacks him furiously for making him believe that Madhu is a bad girl. In a jiffy, he starts rejoicing as he realises that Madhu is not a bad girl and is still not married.
Few days later, Murali finds Madhu falling unconscious and brings her home safely. Soon, Madhu and Murali bury the past and develop a friendship which enrages Madhu's father (Varghese Mathew). Madhu's brother invites Murali for a family function to show him his place. Murali gleefully accepts the invitation. While he enthralls Madhumitha and children by his presence, Madhu's parents are irritated by his presence. Madhu comes to Murali's home the next day to shout at him for accepting the veiled invitation from his family. However she bonds with Sudarvizhi easily and has a good time at Murali's house. Suddenly, Vinoth brings in a marriage alliance for Sudarvizhi. Murali rejects the alliance saying that he has decided to marry his sister to Vinoth. This shocks Vinoth and he is even shocked to see Madhu in Murali's house. Vinoth walks away angrily from Murali's house.
Madhu persuades Murali to talk with Vinoth and gives an idea to unite Vinoth and Sudarvizhi. The idea works well and Vinoth reciprocates Sudarvizhi's love. Eventually Madhu informs Murali that she is in love with Murali. Madhu's father finds them as a pair and he hastens Madhu's arranged marriage ceremony with a different groom. Murali and Madhu plan to stop the marriage by having premarital intercourse, but they both pick up a quarrel while executing their plan in midway and part ways. Madhu gets ready for marriage, while Murali vows to complete Sudarvizhi's marriage before her marriage. After a few interesting twists and turns, Vinoth gets married to Sudarvizhi and Madhu reveals that she got pregnant by Murali through the earlier plan of stopping the arranged marriage ceremony. Madhu later ends up in attempting to commit suicide as Murali refuses to marry her. As the credits roll, Madhu and Murali end up at the registration office and sign the marriage papers.