Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi

This story starts in Spain where Abhi is remembering his friends. The story revolves around five friends who are friends from childhood Abhi (Ram Pothineni),Vasu (Sree Vishnu),Sai(kireeti Damaraju),Sathish (Priyadarshi Pullikonda) and Koushik. They all are always together and never want to get separated. Abhi and Vasu are best friends among them. Abhi's mother dies at his childhood, his father brought him up but he always stays very unhappy during her death day. When Vasu becomes his friend, he feels that there is no need of a mother while having a friend like Vasu. Things change when Abhi and Vasu fall in love with the same girl, Mahalakshmi aka maha (Anupama Parameswaran) a doctrual student. After knowing that she is a classical singer Abhi gives her a chance to sing in his band after observing her voice and encourages her to perform in the programme.Vasu takes care of everything while she is practicing for the program and he successfully convince maha's parents for the program. At first, she doesn't know that they both are best friends. But when both reveal that they love the same girl to each other , they both decide to ask her whom she loves. Both are very genuine and honest. They both approach her same time. The programme becomes a huge success and She tells that she loves Vasu. But Abhi doesn't mind it as he is a happy-go-lucky guy. Things change when Vasu spends more time with Maha and starts ignoring Abhi. This starts a fight among them. In the fight an angry vasu says to Abhi that priorities change with time and this time maha is his priority. After hearing this Abhi gets hurt and leaves to Spain without telling anyone.
After four years at present, Abhi is spending his life in spain. One day,He suddenly meets Vasu's sister in his own restaurant and she tells him that Maha died in a road accident. A Shocked Abhi, then leaves for India to see his friends. She also tells him that his friend Sai's marriage is also set. He goes to Ooty where all the four are present for Sai's marriage. They all are surprised to see Abhi there except Vasu who becomes dull and lifeless after Maha's death. Vasu avoids Abhi for somedays because he left him alone when he was in a bad state.Meanwhile sai's marriage is cancelled because of a sudden quarrel between sai's mother and his fiancee srushti (koumudi) due to srushti's dog. Then to forget all this,they start afresh and all go on trecking. In the route a fight happens with local taxi drivers who wants to organise monopoly system by force. In the fight a person pushes Abhi due to which Vasu gets angry and fights them along with Abhi. After the fight Abhi says that he didn't know the situation after he left and even if he gave a message about the incident he would have come back then and there.They both happily unite after sorting out their differences. But there is another twist when the wedding planner Meghana aka Maggie (Lavanya tripathi) of Sai's marriage becomes close to both Vasu and Abhi and their friends think that she will be the reason behind Vasu and Abhi's fight once again . Maha's friend gives maha's things to vasu in a sudden encounter. Meanwhile with the help of Abhi and Satish ,sai confess his feelings to srushti and gets married to her on the day of their fixed date of marriage. Then marriage programmes start again with the acceptance of all the people. Then to stop the assumed fight between vasu and Abhi,satish convinces Abhi that Vasu likes maggie. After completion of marriage, abhi decides to leave them again without telling anyone.Vasu confronts Satish about Abhi's absence and Satish tells him that he thought that Vasu loves Maggie and told this to abhi. Then maggie reveals that she loves Abhi not vasu and vasu confess that he doesn't have any feelings for Maggie and that she is just a good friend. Then vasu,maggie and the gang locates abhi in the railway station. Then vasu reveals the fact which is known only to abhi and maha i.e maha actually loves Abhi not vasu because he recognised her singing talent and encourages her to perform in the programme and he encourages her to reduce her fears. She can share her feelings with him comfortably.Then a day before saying yes to vasu maha meets Abhi. She confesses her feelings and proposes him. she says that vasu is a distant relative to her she does not have feelings for him. Abhi requests her to accept vasu's proposal because he is very sensitive and if he was rejected he will become depressed.Maha obeys Abhi and accepts vasu's proposal.This is written by maha in her diary which vasu finds in her things given by her friend. Then vasu asks Abhi why he did it.Abhi says that when he lost his mother vasu gave him confidence. His priorities won't change anytime he always gives his priority to vasu only. Then Abhi and maggie unite and Vasu is also happy. The film ends with all looking happy along with Abhi's father.