Anubandham

Rajesh (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) is the son of a wealthy industrialist. Once he visits their estate with his childhood friends driver Ranganna (Prabhakar Reddy) and Dr.Gopal (Jaggaiah), where Rajesh meets tribal girl Malli (Radhika) and falls in love with her. Soon they get married in secret with the help of Gopal and the consent of Malli 's father. The couple lives together in their estate without disclosing the knowledge of their marriage to Rajesh's father. After three months later, Malli becomes pregnant. Rajesh's father, fearing for his son's safety, arrives at the estate and becomes furious upon finding out Rajesh's marriage to Malli. He orders his henchmen to set on fire with Malli and her father along with their house and they do so, everyone thinks that they have died. A few months Rajesh is forced to marry his friend's daughter Sujatha (Sujatha) and he accepts to fulfil his father's last wish.
Nineteen years pass. Despite having the mutual affection for each other, Rajesh and Sujatha remain childless due to Rajesh is unable to forget Malli. Satya Murthy (Karthik), a nineteen-year-old none other than the son of Raju & Malli who had survived the accident, was cared for Ramanaiah (Raavi Kondala Rao) and died after few years. Satya Murthy lives with his uncle Ramaiah, is unable to retain any job due to his honest nature. Ramaiah is acquainted with Dr.Gopal with his recommendation Satya Murthy joins as servant at Rajesh's house. Soon he acquires affection of Rajesh with his honesty, which makes jealous to Sujatha & remaining servants Shankaraiah (Allu Ramalingaiah), Tata Rao (Nagesh), Aliveelu (Mamatha). Satya Murthy improves his reading and writing skills with the help of Ranganna's daughter, Gowri (Tulasi) and the two fall in love. When Rajesh learns of their love, he approves of their marriage. Gopal comes to know that Satya Murthy is Rajesh's son, but dies of a sudden heart attack before revealing it.
Jealous of Satya Murthy's influence on Rajesh, remaining servants hide Sujatha's diamond necklace in Sathya Murthy's suitcase in an effort to get rid of him. Rajesh throws Satya Murthy out of his house. Gowri then shows Malli's photograph to Rajesh, who is shocked to learn that Satya Murthy is his own son. Rajesh reveals the truth to Sujatha, who also accepts Satya Murthy as her son. Depressed Satya Murthy, attempts suicide but Rajesh saves him and reveals the truth about his birth to him. The entire family is united and the movie ends with marriage Satya Murthy & Gowri.