It Takes a Man and a Woman

The film follows the life of Miggy (John Lloyd Cruz) and Laida (Sarah Geronimo) after their break-up which occurred after the events in the second film. Miggy is now in a relationship with Belle (Isabelle Daza), while Laida is now a fiercer woman after living in the United States. They try to co-exist in the same company, while Laida tries to oppose Miggy's business decisions through a series of events which made them realize the real definition of true love.
After two years, it is shown that Miggy has lost the trust of the board members since he lost the company's aircraft business, and is in need of Laida's help. Coming back from New York, Laida is now stronger than she was before and seems to have moved on from Miggy. The movie shows flashbacks of how Laida and Miggy's relationship turned around when Laida's father cheated on her mother and flies back to Manila. However, at the same time Miggy's father receives a heart attack and wants Laida to be with him. Unfortunately Laida is stuck comforting her mother and is in delay of attending Miggy's father's funeral. He is comforted by Belle, an old family friend, and later share a kiss. Laida witnesses this, and breaks up with Miggy.
Miggy's life is ruined with the loss of Laida and his father, and becomes more stubborn. When Laida comes back to Flippage, she wears different clothing and speaks differently while presenting her presentation. She and Miggy feel awkward towards each other and when trust is brought up, she leaves the conference room. Miggy runs after her. He refuses to say that he needs her but in the end, Laida returns to help. As the days go by, Laida is very distant from her old friends. Even though she denies being jealous, everybody knows how she really feels towards Miggy and Belle's relationship.
After they fight over Laida's decision to present a woman's theme on Bachelor to MET, Zoila and friends present a theme of 'transformation' on Laida. Miggy agrees and the next day, they begin a photo shoot at Laida's home, but something is missing and Zoila fails to see what it is. Laida's father says it's her smile, and 'Laida's smile' is up to her eyes. They try to put Laida's family in front of her, but it doesn't seem to make her smile. Zoila and friends do the rain dance but she laughs and doesn't get the smile they are asking for. They ask Miggy to do the rain dance but Laida just seems to be really upset and calls it a day. That evening, Miggy buys pizza for all and just like the first film he gets a plate, puts a pizza on it and gives it to Laida. She refuses. Later on, Zoila and her friends won't stop till they make Laida happy. They decide to sing Laida and Miggy's favorite song 'Kailan' with Miggy singing his favorite part. However, when Miggy sings, Laida gets teary eyed so he stops singing. They look into each other's eyes and Miggy sees how unhappy and hurt Laida is. Laida calls it a night.
The next day, Miggy is looking for Laida when she hands him a letter of resignation. He chases her to the elevator and presses a button to keep them stuck in it. Inside, she expresses how she really feels and Miggy blames her for throwing everything away after just one mistake. She argues back, telling him she did not go to Canada just for him, accepted all his flaws and left her mother alone for a little while whilst she went to visit him after the funeral, was late and all he does is throw everything away because she was late. She walks out the elevator, and Miggy is very upset.
The next few days, she reads a newspaper article about why they hired her and what Miggy went through. She sees him and they sit down and talk. He explains that he had everything but when his father died, he lost confidence. Then, he lost Laida, which destroyed him, and couldn't cope with everything so he lost the aircraft to the Ortegas. Laida makes a truce and accepts his apology. The next day, they fly to New York and find a hotel to stay in. However, a problem occurs in the hotel and they are forced to sleep in Laida's apartment, and Miggy sleeps on the bedroom floor. Their meeting with MET gets canceled. Instead, they take a tour of New York. The next day, they're about to share a kiss when someone knocks on the door- Belle. They even show their presentation to MET with Belle, and make their way home.
The next few days, Miggy realizes he still loves Laida and ends his relationship with Belle. In the board meeting, MET decides not to let them publish their magazine in the Philippines. However, they agree on a partnership between MET and Flippage on the condition of Laida going back to New York. At the airport, as Laida walks by, everybody is singing lines of 'Kailan', Miggy and Laida's favorite song. Zoila and her friends are there, so are Miggy's family. Miggy asks Laida's parents for her hand in marriage. Laida's mother says its up to her to decide. Laida agrees and they are married. The story ends on the couple's honeymoon.