Chinnodu Peddodu

Chinnodu (Rajendra Prasad) and Peddodu (Chandra Mohan) are brothers who work in a spinning mill in a village. They live with their grandmother (Nirmalamma). Though the brothers quarrel often, they are always together and love each other. Suddenly, their maternal uncle (Prabhakar Reddy) visits them after 20 years. Both brothers fall in love with their uncle's daughter Kavitha (Kushboo) and try to woo her. But Kavitha's parents deny the alliance as the brothers are neither rich nor educated. Kavitha and her family are sent out of the village by the mother due to this refusal. She also prohibits the brothers to visit her son’s on any personal cause.
Kavitha is initially arranged to marry a wealthy man Murali (Sudhakar), who happens to be the only son of the mill owner (Suthi Veerabhadra Rao), where the brothers work. Hence both of them go to work for the wedding. But before the marriage day, Kavitha's parents dies in a car accident and the entire property is called off due to dire financial circumstances. The brothers take Kavitha back to their village and she begins to appreciate their simple lifestyle and starts to live with her cousins and grandmother. Kavitha falls in love with Chinnodu, meanwhile, Peddodu happens to rescue a widow Lakshmi (Talluri Rameswari) from dire straits, and falls for her. Eventually, Murali wants to get Kavitha as his concubine and is beaten black and blue by the brothers and both of them are fired.
Both brothers again try to woo Kavitha. Peddodu even cuts sandalwood to buy some luxuries for Kavitha, which she rejects. Then by mistake Chinnodu is arrested by the police and their grandmother dies due to the heart attack. Chinnodu serves a 3-month term and is released. Peddodu arranges for their wedding, and also Lakshmi's family accept for her remarriage. But on the day of the wedding, Kavitha is kidnapped by Murali. Chinnodu and Peddodu go to rescue her but accidentally Murali dies in hands of Peddodu. Finally, he successfully makes the marriage of Chinnodu & Kavitha and also marries Lakshmi and immediately surrenders to police. He is given a 5-year sentence and he releases in the climax.