Oru Visheshapetta BiriyaniKissa

Oru Visheshapetta Biriyani Kissa is a Fantasy Comedy Drama. The film opens with one of the Class-Two angels in heaven losing his halo as he appeared in person in front of a kid by mistake, which was against the rules of heaven. Along with his halo, he lost almost all his angelic powers. He goes to the Class-One angel, his mentor and superior, as he wanted to remedy the situation. Class-One angel conveys his helplessness as the rules are against returning the halo once it is gone. After deliberation, he says that there is a way to get the halo back. Class-Two angel has already helped 999,999,999 humans in his career, and if he helps one more human, the total will reach a magic number, after which he can ask for a wish from his superior. To get the halo back, Class-Two angel goes to the heaven’s library, and searches the files to find a suitable person whom he can help. He chances upon Thaara’s file. He learns that Thaara was an orphan by birth and a widow.
Thaara lives a quite life in a fictional village in Kerala, a village which is famous for a mosque and the mosque’s free weekly biriyani meal. The free meal is offered by Sahib, the village head. Though it is a Muslim mosque and a Muslim does this offering, the entire village, regardless of religion and caste, takes part in it. The biriyani served is famous for its taste and the free meal program acts as a societal bonding in the entire village. Unexpectedly the chef who cooks the biriyani passes away and the entire free meal program comes to a standstill. Thaara, who had recently become a widow, is a good cook as she was once blessed by the divine being himself and had won many cooking contests in her past. Villagers are unaware of Thaara’s culinary skills and the blessings that she got. She volunteers, and requests the Sahib to give her a chance to cook biriyani. Some of the villagers object this as they do not see Thaara as a good soul. Thaara is untouched by the recent death of her husband. The Sahib, though reluctant, Okays Thaara's request.
On Thaara’s first day, a news rock the village. Thaara was pregnant and has delivered a child. The biriyani feast comes to a halt after Thaara gets pregnant. The villagers meet in the presence of Sahib. One of the villagers recommend a famous chef, an outsider to the village. The recommendation is accepted, and the new chef is appointed. But the new chef and the villager who recommends him have an ulterior motive. This takes the film to its climax. The story concludes by revealing Thaara's romantic life, the fatherhood of her child, the hardships she had to face and whether she and her biriyani will get accepted by the villagers or not.
The film starts and ends with a narration by one of the famous chefs in Kerala, thus implying that it was just a story narrated for an FM Radio programme.