Appa

Dhayalan (Samuthirakani), Singamperumal (Thambi Ramaiah) and Nadunilayan (Namo Narayana) live in the same community, a town near Neyveli, Tamil Nadu. They are expecting the arrival of their respective children and they all have different perspectives in child rearing. Dhayalan makes his wife to go for a traditional delivery at home, while Singamperumal instructs the doctor to perform a C-section on a scheduled date and time, in order for his child to have the best possible horoscope, pre-calculated based on the date and time of birth. All three of them have baby boys. Dhayalan names his son Vetriswaran, Singamperumal names his son Chakravarthy and Nadunilayan names his son Mayilvaganam.
Trouble brews at Dhayalan's home, when he refuses to put his son at the age of two in a play school. Dhayalan's wife wants their child to be sent to a specific play school since the other children in the neighborhood are being enrolled there and is considered prestigious. Dhayalan's view is that the toddler need to enjoy his childhood by playing and learning and join a school at the age of 5. But after a heated argument, Dhayalan's wife attempts suicide for this and he agrees against his conscience and enrolls their son in the play school.
As the boys grow, their fathers imbue different social aspects into their children. Dhayalan teaches his son to be friendly to society, trust people, enjoy every moment of life and do good to the community. He teaches his son to follow a path of truth and integrity, considering human values above everything else. He also teaches his son how to behave friendly and talk socially with others. Singamperumal teaches his son not to trust anyone and focus only on academics, asks him to follow a timetable for everything and the goal is to achieve state topper in Class 10th and 12th exams, join a medical degree in a prestigious college and take up a master's medical degree in one of the United States's top medical colleges. Nadunilayan teaches his son not to stand out on any particular aspect and to take a centrist position in everything. His ideology is to live a low-profile life because he understands if one is very good or very bad in any of the aspects, he attracts the attention of society.
When Vetriswaran is in second grade, Dhayalan is furious with the teaching approach of this school, gets into an argument with the school management, and moves his son out of the private school to a government school. Dhayalan's wife is angered by this event and separates from him; she goes to her parent's house and seeks divorce and custody of her son. However, her father rejects this idea and lets Dhayalan have custody of his son.
The children grow into boys and become teenagers. Vetriswaran grows into a self-confident teenager excelling in both sports and studies; Chakravarthy as a studious but timid and indecisive boy whereas Mayilvaganam grows up with an inferiority complex about his height and studies.
Dhayalan identifies that Vetriswaran is interested in swimming and enrolls him in swimming classes, it leads to achieving a Guinness World Record at the age of 16. Dhayalan also identifies the ability of Mayilvaganam to write poems, compiles all his works and sends them to a leading lyricist (Pa. Vijay). Mayilvaganam's book gets a good recognition and he is felicitated by the renowned persons of the industry. Chakravarthy also joins at Dhayalan's backyard hut for children when his father is not at home, the three becomes friends with Nandhini and Rashita. They study together and pass 10nth examinations.
Singamperumal's ideology is that dedication plus meditation plus concentration is education, Chakravarthy tops 10th class with 99% and his father enrolls him in one of the strictest higher secondary boarding schools in a distant locality. Chakravarthy is given a target by his father to top in Class 12th as well. He longs for the affection of his mother in the boarding school, succumbs to the rigorous rules, torture by staffs in a dark room and unforgiving pressure of school management. He calls Vetriswaran and the gang of children decides to meet him. They help him to sneak out and have fun but this is found out by the management and he faces repercussions.
Singamperumal receives a call that his son attempted suicide. Singamperumal who is in a shock with Dhayalan reaches the hospital, the whole management convinces that nothing serious has happened. Kumaran (Sasikumar), a famous doctor from the hospital, informs Dhalayan that Chakravarthy already died 8 hours ago and was murdered by the School officials for complaining after a night long torture. The management publicize that student Chakravarthy committed suicide because of a love failure but an angry student who is Chakravarthy's roommate tells the media the truth. While, Dhalayan reports the incident with evidence of a letter the child has written for his father. Chakravarthy's friends are devastated. The story ends with the moral that children should be cherished and loved not ignored and kept pressured.