Doraemon: Nobita and the Galaxy Super-express

In the park where they normally meet, Suneo invites his friends to his trip to Express Train. Nobita then appears looking very worried as Doraemon has been missing for a few days. Nobita returns home to see that Doraemon is back. Doraemon explains that he had acquired tickets for a Galactic Express Train from 22nd century. The train's destination and travelling time is unknown. After Nobita expresses concerns about missing school, Doremon reassures him that he will board the train and come back in the same day.
The next day, Nobita tells invites his friends to the Galaxy Express. Gian and Shizuka agree except Suneo who wants them to join him instead. Though hesitant at first, he also joins them. The train has 58 carriages though 8 are visible from outside. Each carriage has 5 rooms. Nobita and his friends stay in Carriage no. 7. Once the train reaches its destination planet, the carriages separate. The friends disperse in different play planets and enjoy. Nobita and Doraemon enjoy shooting lessons while Gian and Suneo face misery in learning Ninja techniques.
Meanwhile, an evil force, called Yadori, is planning to take over humans together by turning the humans into parasites. A few days later, the first case of parasites is reported when the robot-dinosaurs at the planet start acting strangely. They decide to report about it to the Control Center in the Main Planet. Nobita and his friends find out some smoke coming out from the Main Control Center. When Gian and Suneo are in the main control center, investigating what happened, Suneo is captured by the parasites and is turned into Yadori 009.
Yadori 009 tricks his friends to lock them up after which Yadori 007 reveals that Yadori is set to conquer the galaxy. After, the group leaves, the captain of the train revives Suneo. The captain decides to take the train to another planet for safety however the train collapses en route on an abandoned planet. At the planet,the captain finds an electronic cave map which Gian later follows to explore caves but ends up getting lost along with two future kids.
Shizuka finds an anti-Yadori gun which they use on Suneo. They also relocate Gian through his footprints and manage to get the train out of the mountain. Gian also finds a train which Doraemon attaches with the Galaxy Express. When they are preparing to leave, Yadori force finds and attacks them. A huge Yadori robot attacks the group but they fight and defeat the whole force fleeing all the people from the virus and the president thanks the group. Nobita and his friends bid the planet farewell.
The future kids reconcile with Nobita and his group. The friends have a laugh and their planet arrives. The conductor thanks them for coming and asks them to come later whenever they like in the Galaxy Express.