Guppy

Named after the angel, Michael, rather known as Guppy, is the sole support to his ailing mother. A talented artist, the teenager earns a living by rearing and selling the ornamental fish – Guppy. He takes great care of his disabled Mother. He wants nothing but the best for her, be it the happiness in her life or the fully automatic wheelchair that he aspires to gift her someday. Her son fills her only prayers to the Almighty, that he may be guarded in all his ways. The little mischiefs that his gang gets into and the occasional glimpses from the teenage beauty, Amina, make his day. Their small fishing village, lately, is under a lot of excitement. Their dream project just got sanctioned – a railway overbridge, to bypass the railway gate en route. With great zeal, the people await the engineers from Road and Bridges Development Corporation.
Meanwhile, somewhere in the Himalayas, a rider starts his journey leaving his dear ones and 'Malu', heading for the village. He arrives at the small roadside stall where the boy works, stopping for a tea. Like the others present, Guppy, gets prejudiced with the unconcerned lifestyle of a rider, for people here strive hard to subsist. Gaps in communication and probably his biased views, offend the individual with the tea hence given. The experience ends on a bad note for the two, with both their egos getting hurt. Little did Guppy know the rider was here to stay, for he is Er. Thejus Varkey in charge of building the bridge. A near miss accident the next day give Guppy his upper hand and the teen gang loot the engineer for damages, when there actually is none.
Days pass by and the rest of the team arrive. Works start with initial planning and sketching. The engineer befriends the local village officer and convince him to slash the price per pair, the office pays to the boy. Being forced an apology, Guppy’s self-esteem urge him otherwise. The engineer find the boy near the office jeep, with flat tires, waiting for him. Instincts send the boy running, while the engineer chases after him and slap him, driving the rest of the gang to attack in defence. With a stone, Guppy smash that hand of the engineer that slapped him. Later, the team find their tent vandalized, burnt to ashes, leading Thejus to send back his team till he finish the unresolved task.
Thejus takes his time off, studying the canals and former civil undertakings. The secretive plan takes shape. The illegal pisciculture of the boy in the blocked drainage, causing floods during rain, along with the roadside stall where he works, are to be destroyed by the police, as part of the expansion of roads for the bridge. Giving no time to shift, the tank is mercilessly wrecked sending the fish down the drain, all the way. The engineer’s revenge is complete and the harm is done. From his meager savings, Guppy hire an outlaw to hurt the man in return. Something then happens, the boy didn’t expect. The engineer is stabbed, from the front, horrifying the kid.
Guppy now know, things spiraled out of hand. The engineer’s silence to the police frightens him even more, for the revenge will be something worse. Left all alone, helplessly watching his dreams slipping away and awaiting his assured fate, his pride and courage all drain out. His fear does not go unnoticed by his mother, to whom he reveal nothing. Thejus on the other hand, lonely on the hospital bed, is in pain, but not physically. He too awaits to regain strength, to meet the boy.
Amina, the girl fancied by the gang, lives with her grandparents as her parents are both dead. The grandfather (whom she calls Uppooppa) works as the temporary gate operator at the railway gate, hoping to make her an engineer one day. Once the overbridge is commissioned, he will lose his job and at his age, is unable to find another. His mannerisms always irritated the team and he couldn’t make friends with any. The solution to the poor man’s problems, thought out by his slender perspective, was to drive the team away. He was the one who punctured the tires of the office jeep and destroyed their tent. When nothing seemed to work, at the end of his pitiful rope, face covered, he stabbed the engineer. But now the thoughts scare him. He is admitted in the hospital with chest pain and regrets his actions.
Thejus came to build the bridge and leave, intending no one no harm. Coming to know of the surrounding political scams, village officer’s illicit relationship, the peon’s corruption or even the guest house caretaker’s laziness; nothing bothered him. But, the wounded ego set him on a path chasing after a small child, probably not much older than his own, spending all his energy to drench the kid in pain. He realize that his very presence chocked the lives of two innocent souls and their dependents. The bridge, on the other hand, is just a political stunt targeting the vote bank; with nothing fruitful coming out of it for the society. Stating ‘technically unfeasible’, he stops the million-rupee project; delaying the construction for at least another ten years. He meets Uppooppa to say that he understands and he will help with Amina’s dreams; forgiving him for his insanity. Revealing the courage to correct his deeds, he rebuilds Guppy’s tank and gift it in grandiose; before leaving the place empty-handed. Guppy, relieved from his worries, run home to his mother with the happy news. Leaving him all alone, he finds her having breathed her last; another gift, the long-awaited wheelchair, still on its way.
It has now been days since the boy left. The old man, Tinku as he is fondly called, come back after weeks of caring for an old lady, who might have been his long-lost mother. He happened to have read about Thejus Varkey, who filled the news some years back. He was the engineer who constructed the much anticipated Omallur Bridge. On the day of the inauguration, his family met with an accident – killing his parents, wife and his 7-year-old daughter. Riding was his way out of his grief. To him, every child that he met was his daughter Malu; refusing to leave her with the dead. This railway bridge was likely the only work he undertook since.
Thejus is shown once again riding through the Himalayas with his dear 'Malu', never having been so relieved and content, with the happy child Michael in his care. Like an answer to the prayers of his mother, Michael will never be left alone and so will be Thejus.