Shruthi Seridaaga

Rajkumar plays Dr Murthy, surgeon, who is also a Singer by hobby. On a visit to Ernakulam for a medical conference, Murthy's father advises him to stay at Retd Major subbanna's Balakrishna house, who is old-friend. Due to a mishap by his assistant, Murthy has to act as compounder and his assistant has to act as Doctor. Subbanna organises kacheri, performance by the Doctor. Murthy fills voice from behind the screen, while his assistant M. S. Umesh simply mouths the song Purandara Daasa's bombeyaatavayya hymn. Their mischief is caught by Madhavi Murthy falls in love with Madhavi, Subbanna's daughter. Subbanna is angry that his daughter has fallen in love, not with the doctor, but a lowly assistant. K. S. Ashwath turns up to clear the confusion. Both K. S. Ashwath and Balakrishna's family visit Dharmasthala. Murthy meets his school teacher & mentor and his daughter Geetha.
Subbanna shifts to Bangalore, intending to settle down after marrying Madhavi to Murthy. Murthy's teacher dies and his daughter Geetha, who is now a mental patient comes to stay at Murthy. Murthy gets her treated by Dr Jeena Das doddanna. Subbanna's elder brother parvatavaani, who is an astrologer checks Murthy's hand. He predicts Murthy has dwi-patni yoga, 2 marriages, meaning Murthy's first wife would have a short-life.
Subbanna breaks the marriage, fearing for his daughter's life. Dejected Murthy confronts Subbanna, who lies his daughter is to wed her dead mother's brother in America. Subbanna lies that he would settle down at USA.
Murthy ties knot with Geetha, who is now cured of mental problem.
Geetha learns about Murthy' s dwi-patni yoga. Subbanna, meanwhile awaits Geetha's death. Murthy and his father confront Subbanna, who is leading a secluded life in the adjacent house. Murthy quotes Purandara Daasa's sakala grahabala neene sarasijaaksha poem, which advises Devotion to Lord alone would thwart all the planetary effects. Geetha heats this conversation. Fearing she would die during child-birth, She drives to a far-off temple to pray to Goddess Paarvati. Murthy, follows her, gets her delivery done in the village and returns with the kid.
Madhavi is heartbroken after witnessing the happy couple with their newborn kid. Film ends with the conclusion that astrology has no relevance.
Entire story also revolves around the Hindu astrology followed during typical Hindu Marriages. Movie is famous for the song 'Bombeyatavayya Idu' in which comedian role played by M. S. Umesh will be singing for the audience where in the actual singer be Rajkumar singing behind the scenes.