A Wicked Ghost II: The Fear

Three police officers – Inspector Li, Peanut (Li's girlfriend), and Cha-siu – attempt to arrest a suspected serial rapist but he escapes and flees to a construction site. The suspect is found dead later with his limbs chopped off and scattered around the site. Cha-siu has also committed suicide by shooting himself in the head.
The mysterious deaths not only baffles Li, Peanut, and their colleague Willis Tao, but also arouses the curiosity of two magazine reporters, Balm and Coffee. Blue, a writer of supernatural stories, expresses interest in the case and joins them. After secretly taking photographs of the suspect's body parts, Balm encounters the suspect's ghost and ends up in hospital after being knocked down by a car. He kills himself in hospital later by jumping off the rooftop. Peanut's cousin, Ada, goes blind after watching the horror movie A Wicked Ghost, claiming that she saw a ghost similar to the one in the movie. She kills herself in hospital later. Ada's sister, Clever, also attempts suicide after encountering the ghosts of a pair of twin girls she aborted. However, she survives because of a blessed coin given to her by Blue. Willis Tao goes into a trance after stealing a sharp metal nail from the construction site and tries to kill his colleagues, but they subdue him and send him to hospital.
Blue retrieves a special sound recorder that can record sounds inaudible to the human ear which she gave to Ada before the latter died. She plays it and hears a hoarse female voice calling out "Hwa Yuet-may" – the name of Peanut's great-grandmother. She also discovers that the construction site is actually the location of the old Hwa family house. Peanut and Li realise that they look like Peanut's great-grandparents after seeing an old photograph. They believe it is a sign that they are the reincarnations of Peanut's great-grandparents. One night, Blue brings Peanut and Li to the construction site and hypnotises them to help them recall their past lives. Coffee and Clever join them.
In their hypnotised states, Peanut and Li learn that Peanut's great-grandfather loved a woman, Tift, but was forced to marry Hwa Yuet-may, who was from an rich family. Hwa was so jealous of Tift that she hired thugs to ambush Tift, kidnap her and rape her. She then had Tift's limbs chopped off and her body placed in a pot filled with a corrosive substance. When Peanut's great-grandfather pleaded with Hwa to spare Tift, an angry Hwa used a pair of scissors to stab Tift's eyes. Peanut's great-grandfather could not bear to see his lover tormented so he took his own life. Tift eventually met her end at the hands of Suet, her friend who betrayed her and stabbed her in the head with the metal nail. Tift became a vengeful ghost after death and she seeks vengeance on Hwa's relatives and descendants.
When Peanut and Li recover from their hypnotised states, they see Coffee and recognise her as Suet's reincarnation. In the meantime, Tift's ghost has possessed Blue and she corners Peanut and Coffee and tries to strangle them to death. Just then, Clever switches on the three-coloured spiritual lights and shine them on Tift, causing her to be trapped. At this critical moment, the ghost of Peanut's great-grandfather leaves Li's body and saves Tift. Tift gives up her desire for revenge when she is reunited with her lover and they walk away together.