Noor

Noor is a young journalist, battling to find her place in the working world. She yearns to cover important news stories, but is often sent to cover entertainment pieces, such as interviewing adult actress Sunny Leone, which she resents. This causes frequent friction between herself and her boss Shekher. Saad, Noor's friend, introduces her to Ayan Banerjee, a former CNN reporter and war correspondent. They have much in common and quickly become close.
At work, Noor is asked to interview a famous doctor, who treats underprivileged people for free. While editing the interview on her personal computer, her domestic worker Malti recognizes the doctor as a criminal who is engaged in illegal organ harvesting. Noor also learns of a victim named Vilash, whose kidney was stolen. She interviews Malti and Vilash and although they initially refuse to face the camera, after enough persuasion, Malti finally exposes the operation. Noor takes the footage to her network and to Shekar, who suggests that they hold off for a few days before running the story.
Excited at the possibility of her big break, Noor meets Ayan and the pair become intimate, after taking about the incident. The next day, Noor receives a call from her friend Zara, telling her that Ayan has stolen her story, which has now become a national controversy and is making headlines across India. Shekher rebukes her for her irresponsible behaviour and tells her that Malti and Vilash's lives are now in danger. She loses her job and begins to question her profession and its' morality.
Malti and Vilash go missing and Noor's father receives threatening calls. Saad takes Noor to London to comfort her, and gets frustrated by her state of mind, finally confronting her about the entire incident. The pair grow closer and Saad realises that he is in love with her. Noor gets a call from her father with the news that Vilash is dead. She comes back to Mumbai and launches her own journalistic investigation which results in the doctor being convicted. Noor becomes a viral internet sensation and a respected news journalist, acknowledged by Shekar and her network. Malti forgives Noor and reconnects with her. Zara slaps Ayan, and Saad and Noor begin a relationship.