Sathya

Sathya (Sibi Sathyaraj), Who is working in Sydney, Australia gets a voice call from Shweta(Remya Nambeesan), his ex-lover. They worked in the same Office and wanted to marry, but her father arranged an alliance with an entrepreneur named Gowtham. Sathya leaves for India with the pretense of attending a marriage in their relatives' household. He takes a car for hire from Babu Khan (Sathish), a travels agent. Sathya also takes a SIM card on his sister's address and stays at Hotel Marriott.
Sathya meets Shweta at a restaurant and learns that her five-year-old daughter Ria is missing. Things went worse when none except Shweta, including Gowtham, believe that Ria actually exists. He also learns about Gowtham's brother Bobby (Ravi Varma), a drug addict, who regularly visits her home. Sathya begins an informal investigation which fails many a time, also inviting the ire of two Afro-American gangsters in the city. Babu Khan, who helps them in transporting drugs, saves Sathya on humanitarian grounds. Posing as Vasanth Menon, a police officer, Sathya meets Gowtham and learns that the couple was childless. Gowtham recalls Shweta being attacked by two masked men before a school to steal her car. He added that Shweta went into a coma and post recovery started telling that she had a five-year-old daughter named Ria.
Perplexed, Sathya later watches a closed-circuit television video footage of two masked men attacking Shweta on the day when Ria went missing. But, Ria is seen nowhere in the footage which makes Sathya doubt Shweta's mental condition. He confronts Shweta who refuses to acknowledge that Ria is imaginary. Sathya sees height markings of a child on a wall and before he could react, Shweta commits suicide. Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP), Anuya Bharathwaj (Varalaxmi Sarathkumar)and Inspector of Police, Chowdary (Anandaraj) investigate the suicide case. Vasanth is killed in Marriott and Babu confesses to Sathya that he saw Bobby kidnapping Ria. They meet Anuya and Chowdary and get Bobby arrested. In custody, Bobby is killed by Anuya as an act of self-defense.
The same night, Vasanth's murderers attack Babu and Sathya; Babu is killed in the process of shooting the murderers to death. Sathya watches a MMS in the murderers' phone sent by Anuya instructing to kill him. Sathya meets Anuya at her farmhouse where Ria is hidden. Anuya reveals that Gowtham wanted to kill Ria and arranged the attack, after which she found Ria in Bobby's custody. Gowtham wanted Shweta to suffer; he convinced all his friends and family to pretend Ria never existed, saying that Shweta cannot bear the shock of Ria's death.
Before Anuya could kill Sathya, Chowdary shoots her after listening to the conversation on his way to the farmhouse with his subordinates. Gowtham is arrested and reveals that Ria was not his daughter, as a medical report confirmed him sterile in the past. Sathya recollects that on their last night together in India before separation, he and Shweta made love. As Sathya realizes that Ria is his biological child and approaches her, he sees a reflection of Shweta smiling at him.