Irugu Porugu

Vishwanatham (Gummadi) is a poor writer and drama artist, he lives along with his two kids Johnny & Jikki. Vishwanatham gets addicted to horse races. Once he wins but to his misfortune his friend misleads him by taking him to a dancer Kanchanamala (Sowcar Janaki), Viswanatham sees her as his daughter, she is effected to the words of him and changes her lifestyle. The drunken Viswanatham while returning home met with an accident and he is hospitalized. The small children in search of their father come out and they are separated, after coming from hospital Viswanatham could not find children becomes mad, he was arrested for the crime of stealing children and prisoned. Jikki was adopted by a teacher Paramdamaiah (C. S. R) and his wife Saraswathi (Nirmalamma) and grownup as Chitra (Krishna Kumari). Johnny was taken care by a motor workshop owner Sundaram (Chittor V. Nagaiah) who call him as Ramu (M. Balaiah). Vinod Babu (Relangi) the house owner of Paramdamayya comes to stay as neighbors along with his second wife Charulatha (Sandhya) and first wife's son Ravi (N. T. Rama Rao). After some petty quarrels, Ravi & Chitra fall in love. Simultaneously, Ramu also loves Jayanthi (Girija) daughter of Sundaram, knowing this he removes Ramu from the job and fixes his daughter’s alliance with his sister’s son Dr. Prasad (Shobhan Babu).
Meanwhile, Viswanatham is released from jail, Kanchanamala the old dancer now runs a drama company, takes Viswanatham with her and plans to play a drama under his direction. Ramu also joins in the same company as the driver and somehow recognizes his father. Parallelly, Vinod Babu warns Paramdamaiah when he comes across the love affair of Ravi & Chitra, Saraswathi beats Chitra and recollects that she is orphan, depressed Chitra leaves the house and fells under the car of Ramu. Ramu takes her to his house asks her to stay with him and participate in their drama. Paramdamaiah gets anger on Saraswathi for her act, when he tries to attack her, unfortunately, she dies falling from top floor seeing this Paramdamaiah becomes mad and starts roaming on roads. Ravi comes to know the truth from his mother and he makes his father to realize his mistake. Simultaneously Prasad also makes Sundaram agree to the marriage of Ramu & Jayanthi. At the same time, Chitra remembers her father & brother in the drama, at last everyone reaches there including Paramdamaiah and the movie ends a happy note.