Raj Hath

The king of Jagmer, Maharaja Daljeet (Sohrab Modi), sends a marriage proposal to the king of a neighboring city, Sultanpur. In the proposal Maharaja Daljeet asks to marry his daughter, Raja Beti (Madhubala), to Kumar (Pradeep Kumar), the son of the king of Sultanpur (Ulhas). The king of Sultanpur strongly rejects the proposal and states that the long term rivalry between the two empires is the reason for his refusal; he is injuriously disrespected by the messenger, Sabgram Singh (Murad). Later, the king of Sultanpur also says that Daljeet has conspired against his empire, and by proposing the marriage he wants to take revenge. The disrespectful behavior of the king of Sultanpur makes Daljeet angry, and he orders preparations for a war against Sultanpur. Daljeet also provokes his daughter to take vengeance against the king of Sultanpur for the insult. The fortress of the king of Sultanpur is well known for a trap in which troops flounder. Daljeet learns of a map of the fortress, which will help troops navigate across the trap. While retrieving the map from the enemy camp, one of the Daljeet's important soldiers is caught and killed. Daljeet realizes the task is full of risk so he invites the bravest soldiers in the kingdom to try, but they all refuse. After the denial of the brave soldiers, Juhi (Kammo) and Raja Beti accept the task and dress up as men to infiltrate the enemy camp.[5] After much hardship, they at last get the map. While returning in disguise as a shepherdess, Raja Beti meets Kumar. Kumar at first meeting, begins to fall in love with her, but he is unaware that the shepherdess is actually the princess of Jagmer.[5]
Raja Beti gives the map to Daljeet. When everything is planned and the army is ready for the war, Daljeet orders an attack on Sultanpur. Raja Beti decides to take revenge for the insult by killing the king of Sultanpur's son, Kumar. But in the combat zone she finds herself in love with Kumar and unable to kill him. Although Kumar knows that the shepherdess is really Raja Beti, he doesn't stop loving her. Kumar asks his father for permission to marry Raja Beti, and after a long disagreement, Kumar's father agrees. But now, Daljeet refuses the proposal and shows disrespect. However, Daljeet soon realizes that Raja Beti is in love with Kumar and promises to allow the marriage. Daljeet overlooks past rivalries and asks the king of Sultanpur that the marriage should go ahead. At last they marry.[5]
Later, Daljeet regrets his action as he broke a royal promise and bowed down to fulfill Raja Beti's wishes. Out of extreme repentance, he commits suicide.[5][6]