Balu

The story starts with a rowdy(Daasanna), the follower of Naayudamma(another rowdy) warning the people of Mahankali market. At the same time Balu sets up a new flower stall in the market. He impresses Daasanna by making him believe that he worships Daasanna's mother, thereby getting relieved of the taxes set up by Daasanna. The people of the market get new hopes looking at Pawan kalyan's style of impressing the rowdies.Balu newly comes to the city with his mother(Jayasudha), sister-in-law, nephew and his friend(Sunil). As the story goes on Balu meets Priya(Shriya Saran) but both start fighting with each other. One night Balu's mother walks to an empty bunglaw and faints there remembering her past in which her husband(Suman) and her son would be killed because they supported the people of Mahankali market in getting the rights on the land. The next day Priya comes to the hospital to visit Balu's mother and falls in love with Balu. Priya dares to propose Balu but Balu rejects her love. On the other side, Balu, through Daasanna tries to steal the documents of Mahankali market which are with Nayudamma at that time and are actually to be sold to Khan (Gulshan Grover). Balu makes Nayudamma believe him by saving him from a planned bomb blast. When Khan arrives he realises that Balu is none other than Ghani, who worked under him few years back. The flashback unveils the story of Ghani who changes because of Indu(Neha Oberoi) who inturns changes getting courage from Ghani. Ghani finally moves against Khan who tries to kill Children in an orphanage. Khan decides to kill both Ghani and Indu. Ghani and Indu finally reach Agra, Indu's home town where it is revealed that Rajeshwari Devi is actually Indu's mother. Indu changes Ghani's name to Balu. The next day Balu accepts Indu's love but at the same time Khan's rowdy's kill Indu. Balu promises Indu that he would take care of Indu's family and fight people's right's on Mahankali market. The scene returns to Balu lying on the bed as he meets with an accident while driving because of his illness. He gets up and faces Khan and Khan is finally killed in the fight. Finally after 20 years the people of Mahankali market get the rights on the land.