A Date with the Falcon

Scientist Waldo Samson (Alec Craig) has discovered how to manufacture cheap synthetic diamonds that are nearly identical to actual diamonds, as he demonstrates to diamond industry representatives and New York Police Inspector Mike O'Hara (James Gleason). Samson only wishes to provide them for the American defense effort, but O'Hara insists on providing him with a police guard.
Ruthless criminals, however, abduct Samson to gain his secret. O'Hara recruits a reluctant amateur sleuth Gay Lawrence (George Sanders), known as the "Falcon", to search for him. Meanwhile, Helen Reed (Wendy Barrie), the Falcon's fiancée, becomes increasingly frustrated as the crime solving interferes with her marriage plans. Lawrence meets exotic jewel thief Rita Mara (Mona Maris) and suspects she is involved in Sampson's disappearance. Rits pulls a gun on Lawrence, and forces him to accompany her. Helen finds Rita's purse and inside, the address of Rita's hotel.
Lawrence escapes but learns from his sidekick, Jonathon "Goldie" Locke (Allen Jenkins) that Helen has gone to Rita's hotel, looking for him. Learning that Sampson is also registered there, Lawrence breaks into his room and finds the scientist, dead. The police arrive shortly after and attempt to arrest Lawrence, who asks O'Hara for a 12-hour reprieve to find the real murderer.
When Lawrence asks Helen to meet him at a nightclub, he knows follow Helen and Goldie will be followed. At gunpoint, Rita abducts Lawrence once again and takes him to her accomplice in a warehouse where Max Carlson (Victor Kilian) is holding the real Waldo Sampson captive. After obtaining the secret formula, Max decides to kill Sampson and Lawrence. Rita knocks out Lawrence, and turns on her partner, killing him, but does not locate Sampson's formula.
When the police arrive at the warehouse, they find Lawrence. arresting him for murder with O'Hara taking him to headquarters, where Helen has been arrested as Lawrence's accomplice. Rita and the remainder of the gang is brought in, and when Goldie produces the secret formula which he had taken from Max, Lawrence explains that it was Herman, Waldo's twin who was killed in the hotel and that Rita killed Max for the formula.
Lawrence and his fiancée finally are able to resume their romantic getaway, but once on board their aircraft, a beautiful young woman greets Lawrence, arousing Helen's jealousy.