Badalte Rishtey

Savitri (Reena Roy), a music teacher with a school, also takes music tutorials for girls by going to their homes. Savitri lives with her brother, Chandar (Asrani), who is a painting contractor, and his mother. She meets Manohar Dhani (Rishi Kapoor), a guide by profession, who falls for her at the first meeting. He follows her to her home on the pretext of selling her eggs. Savitri knows fully aware that Manohar is just trying to woo her and is not an egg seller. Sagar (Jeetendra), is a US returned businessman whose kid sister is a student of Savitri. On his return from the US, he happens to hear Savitri's song and immediately falls for her as well.
Savitri's friend, who is also her brother's fiance, comes in with his father (A. K. Hangal), an astrology expert. He predicts that some good times are waiting for Chandar, but he also predicts a bad phase for his mother. However, he refuses to share any details about her sister Savitri. In the meantime, Savitri is falling for Manohar and both rejoice.
Sagar helps Chandar on account of old friendship and also nurses a plan to marry his sister. He sends Savitri a letter offering to be a student of her music and the tone of the letter clearly shows his intentions. Savitri fumes at this letter and complains to Sagar's sister-in-law, who in turn explains Sagar's plan to marry her and also lists this as a reason to help her brother. Sagar's family visits Savitri's home and her sister-in-law proposes Savitri's marriage to Sagar. Savitri plainly refuses this and on hearing this, her mother falls unconscious. Manohar meets with an accident and is in the hospital. In the meantime, Savitri marries Sagar on the insistence of her critically ill mother. On the day of her marriage, her friend tells her about A. K. Hangal's prediction for her. She informs her that the man she marries would die within 40 days.
Savitri tells Sagar about this and he is ready to take this risk and wants to marry her anyway. After marriage, Savitri writes to Manohar about all the events. Manohar meets Savitri at her brother's marriage and proposes to kill her husband, suggesting that he is going to die anyway in 40 days. Savitri saves Sagar and asks Manohar to stay out of this and thus begins her hate for Manohar. Meanwhile, Manohar befriends Sagar and enters their house suggesting Savitri that he would be able to kill Sagar at any time. Savitri strongly disagrees with this and wants him to go away.
Finally, Savitri tells Sagar of Manohar's intentions and he confronts Manohar. Manohar tries to kill Sagar with a pistol, but Savitri again saves Sagar and drives Manohar away. Thus, Sagar and Savitri start living together happily. While going away, Manohar meets Savitri's brother and tells him that the relationship has changed. Chandar thus explains to his wife that Manohar had told him about all the events and was intentionally behaving in a cruel way so that Savitri would hate him and fall for Sagar.