Main Aurr Mrs Khanna

A young Indian couple Raina (Kareena Kapoor) and Samir (Salman Khan) meet and fall in love at the very first sight and decide to get married despite the lack of acceptance from Samir’s parents as Raina is an orphan. However, they begin their lives together convincingly as they soon fly off to Melbourne, where Samir works as a stockbroker. Raina decides to work in a restaurant to pass her time.
Their relationship develops problems when Samir's business takes a severe hit. In order to get his career back on line, he decides to move to Singapore and start his work from scratch.He surprises her at the airport saying that they are not flying together.She is to go to Delhi and wait for him while he goes to gain success in Singapore, and that the relationship will be a failure without financial support.
Just after Samir catches the plane and leaves for Singapore, Raina has a chance meeting with Aakash (Sohail Khan) at the airport itself. They strike a rapport immediately, and once he knows of Raina's problems, Aakash lends a helping hand using his friend’s (Mahek Chahal) help. He gets her a much better job at the airport. Now, Raina suddenly finds herself in the midst of a new and trendy airport job and in addition a good mansion to live in. Aakash falls deeply in love with Raina because they work together in close proximity, and Raina also seems to be attracted to him, or at least to depend on him for every small and big matter on day-to-day basis. At this juncture, Raina is faced with the problem that her residency visa is going to expire and she will have to leave Australia compulsorily. As usual, she takes her problem to Aakash (not her husband). Aakash and his friends suggest to her the idea of faking a marriage with Aakash so that she can stay on. Initially, Raina is reluctant, but soon she agrees after she realises that Aakash is a genuinely good-hearted man.
At this juncture, Samir reappears after having achieved success in Singapore. He finds that Raina is not all that thrilled at his surprise visit. He then stumbles upon the court papers concerning the wedding ceremony between Raina and Aakash, and is shocked and appalled. However, Samir and Raina decide to give their relationship another chance. Aakash too agrees that Raina must try to resolve her differences with her husband. Later, Aakash finds love in a certain Mrs. Khan (Deepika Padukone) who coincidently has the same name as Raina and once had a failed relationship with a person, whose name again coincidently is Samir.