Nepali

There is a Nepali (Bharath) who works in a super market. He kills a few people suddenly and leaves a clue along with the dead bodies. Gautham (Prem) is the Deputy Commissioner of Police and he takes charge of the case. He tries to analyse the clues left behind by the murderer to find some solution to the case.
Karthik (also Bharath) is a software engineer who leads a joyful life enjoying with his friends. One day, Karthik meets Priya (Meera Jasmine) in a showroom and immediately develops an attraction towards her. Priya also likes Karthik’s charming character and they both fall in love.
Meanwhile, there is a depressed convict (also Bharath) who has been jailed for some crime. The convict often tries to end his life by committing suicide but is saved by the jailer and the police beat him for his activities.
Gautham cracks the clue left over by Nepali and guesses his next move of murdering a person. Gautham gets close to the murderer but he escapes after murdering his target. Karthik and Priya decide to get married although Priya’s parents are not interested in this alliance. They both get married and lead a life together. Suddenly Priya’s parents register a complaint against Karthik accusing him of kidnapping their daughter. A police inspector (Raja Ravinder) comes to enquire the case and understands that Karthik and Priya are true lovers.
The inspector gets attracted towards Priya and decides to have an affair with her. Priya understands the motive of the inspector and decides to stay away from him. Priya informs this to Karthik which angers him and goes to meet the inspector. When Karhik is away, the inspector comes to Priya’s home and tries to rape her. To save herself, Priya ends her life. Karthik gets furious seeing this and he kills the inspector for which he gets jailed.
Although the movie shows three parallel stories, now it is revealed to the audience that all three characters are the same person. The depressed convict is none other than Karthik. He decides to end his life many times in jail as he does not want to lead a life without his wife Priya but gets saved by the jailer and other police men. In the jail, Karthik meets a Nepali (Govind Namdeo) who has been arrested for voicing out against women harassment. The jailer along with a few other police men kill the Nepali as per some big shot’s order and they divert the case by mentioning that the Nepali has escaped from prison.
Karthik now decides to get into the identity of Nepali and continue his activities. He escapes from jail and changes his looks to resemble a Nepali and starts to kill people who molest girls.
Gautham finds out that a Nepali is responsible for all the murders and warns him to get surrendered for which he refuses. Karthik is on the way to kill his next target during which he gets spotted by Gautham. A chase occurs between them followed by a fight between Karthik and Gautham in an underground parking area.
Suddenly a gun shot is heard, after which Karthik runs out from the parking. But he is shocked to see the images of Priya and the Nepali in front of him. Karthik is confused and turns back where he sees Gautham coming alive, along with the dead body of Karthik. It is revealed that Gautham shot Karthik (gunshot heard was from Gautham), and it is Karthik’s soul that ran out and it meets the souls of Priya and the Nepali.