Nyaya Tharasu

The movie revolves round the incidents in a two-week period, when Bharathi (Radha), a Naxal activist is out in parole. She is serving life sentence in the central jail, Kannore after being charged for the murder of Paramanandham (Vijayan), a landlord, who she had witnessed kill a young tribal woman after she was raped and impregnated (by him).
Bharathi's mother, a past freedom fighter who is on her deathbed, is relieved to see her, and is under the impression that she is free now. Her younger sister Savithri, her husband Vijayasarathi and her nephew are happy to have her back home. But her younger brother, Bose (Charle), an unemployed guy, addicted to drugs is angered by her mere presence, blaming her for his inability to secure a good job. Bharathi's older brother who is home from Delhi to perform the death rites of her mother refuses to even talk to her, and leaves after a big brouhaha, leaving his nephew to do the rites. Most of her acquaintances are intimidated by her, except her old classmate Amutha (Kutty Padmini). Amudha had married her college sweetheart, Nagappan (Livingston) and lives close to Bharathi's home.
Thazhamuthu (Nizhalgal Ravi), a Nyaya Tharasu journalist, tries to get an interview with Bharathi, she declines initially and is annoyed by his persistence.
As the days pass on, Bharathi feels unwanted, and ends up having no place to live. Savithri suspects an affair between her husband and Bharathi, making it hard for Indira to stay with them. Amutha's husband had changed a lot in years, had degraded into a womanizer, and Bharathi can't stay with them either. Ultimately Bharathi, asks Thazhamuthu for help her out and ends up staying at his place.
With time, Bharathi and Thazhamuthu get closer, and a lovely relationship blossoms between the two. As Bharathi is nearing the completion of her parole, Thazhamuthu, with great difficulty, succeeds in getting the government remission order in time, so that Bharathi no longer has to go back to jail. By this time Savithri and Bose reconcile with Bharathi, and are overjoyed to hear about her release. Bharathi rushes to Amutha's place to share the good news, but there she is shocked to see Amutha, being gang-raped by her husband Nagappan and friends. True to her righteous self, Bharathi ends up shooting Nagappan with his hunting rifle and ultimately surrenders herself at the police station.