Tarzan's Greatest Adventure

During the night, the village Mantu is raided for its supply of dynamite by what appear to be black Africans. The village doctor and radio operator interrupt the robbery and are fatally shot. Before dying, the radio operator gasps, "Slade" over the shortwave radio.
The next morning, Tarzan is awakened by African drums that alert him to something wrong. He arrives at Mantu, where a funeral is held for the fallen villagers. British police inspector Colonel Sundley informs Tarzan of the previous raid and that root dye was found. This leads Tarzan to believe that the robbers were "white men painted black" (rather than black Africans). Tarzan then meets Angie: A self-absorbed American model and pilot. Tarzan knows her manager, "Sanchez", and immediately dislikes her similar cavalier manner. But, Angie does tell him that she overheard the name "Slade" on her airplane radio. Tarzan remembers "Slade" as "a man with a passion to kill": A ruthless criminal who once sacrificed three men rather than lose the hunt for a prized rogue elephant.
After dropping off pet chimpanzee Cheeta at his tree-house, Tarzan heads up river by canoe to catch Slade and his gang. Along the way, Tarzan sees Angie's plane. She taunts him with low flyovers. But, her Cesna engine stalls, and Angie crashes into the river. Tarzan saves her from a crocodile, but can't leave her stranded. So, he continues the hunt (with Angie alongside).
Meanwhile, Slade and his quartet of thieves (consisting of the sullen ex-con Dino, drunkard O'Bannion, implied ex-Nazi Kruger, and Slade's Italian girlfriend Toni) continue by riverboat towards what is revealed to be a secret diamond mine. The dynamite was stolen for excavating the gems. But as their riverboat malfunctions, the thieves begin to quarrel among themselves, allowing Tarzan and Angie to catch up. O'Bannion's teases Dino to the point of Dino trying to kill him. But during the chase, Dino stumbles into quicksand and drowns. The criminals suddenly find their boat riddled with arrows, a signal that Tarzan has tracked them down. Slade and O'Bannion disembark, while Kruger hurls a dynamite counterattack that injures Tarzan. Tarzan manages to kill O'Bannion, but Slade closes in. With Slade gone, Kreuger believes he can coerce Toni into telling him where the diamond mine is and tries to eliminate Slade. Slade survives Kruger's attempt, pummels him into submission, and continues with Toni towards the mine.
Tarzan's injuries require Angie to mature, as she comforts him and then risks her life to steal medical supplies from Slade's anchored boat. Angie is captured by Slade and quickly recognized as Tarzan's ally. Slade hopes to use her to lure Tarzan into a trap and twines an elaborate wire noose and lays a trap door pit for him to fall into. With Slade absent, Kreuger sees another chance for betrayal. He frees Angie and tells her to inform Tarzan where they are. Toni overhears Kruger and flees to warn Slade. But in the process, she accidentally falls through the trap door pit (meant for Tarzan) to her death. Kruger convinces Slade that Toni was frightened by a passing lion; so, the men continue toward the diamond mine. Once inside, Kruger confirms that it is a mother lode. But, Slade is more interested in killing Tarzan than in diamonds. Fearing that he will lose the fortune, Kruger builds the courage to fight Slade. But, he is no match and is kicked into one of the mine shafts and his death, leaving Slade and a showdown with Tarzan.
Tarzan is nursed back to health by Angie, and changes his attitude towards her. So much so that the two engage in off-screen romance. But afterwards, Tarzan returns to his obsession with capturing Slade, much to the displeasure of Angie. "Why don't you just leave him to the jungle?" she argues. But Tarzan explains, "this is where I belong", and that to allow Slade to escape would endanger everyone. He thanks Angie for her help, then grabs a vine, and swings into the final confrontation with Slade.
Perched high atop a river bluff, Slade fires rifle shots that intentionally miss Tarzan, allowing his enemy to scale the sheer bluff instead (for the melee both men long for). Once there, Slade gets the upper hand, by lassoing Tarzan with his wire noose. But, Tarzan's superior strength and endurance overpower Slade. Tarzan finally pushes him over the edge of the cliff and to his death on shallow river rocks below.
Tarzan bellows his famous yell, runs to a pool, and gazes upon his reflection triumphantly. The sound of Slade's riverboat distracts Tarzan. He hurries to the cliff again, only this time to see Angie below, steering the boat back to Mantu. Tarzan hesitates, thinking of joining her. But he looks back at the jungle, realizing that it's where he belongs, and returns instead to his tree-house and Cheeta.