Spandana

Piumi (played by Dilhani) is the sister of Saliya (played by Gihan). Piumi lived alone and died unexpectedly after a phone conversation with Saliya's wife (played by Nimathi). Mayumi (played by Shalani) is Saliya's daughter. She falls ill due to a heart condition. After her recovery, Mayumi[4] reveals that she is living with her aunt Piumi's transplanted heart.
Following these events, many incidents occur around Mayumi. She decides to go to Piumi's bungalow with her friends for the final prayers for her deceased aunt. Her boyfriend, Sithum (played by Roshan), and other friends Achini, Shakya, Vihanga and Kelum, also visit the bungalow. The bungalow keeper, Darshan, requests to go home for several days. Kelum, who is a bit of a prankster, tricks Achini and Shakya by pretending to be a ghost. On discovering the prank, Achini slaps Kelum and leaves the bungalow disappointed.
In the following sequence, Kelum dies by drowning. Mayumi sees visions of her aunt and reveals to others that her aunt's spirit seeks revenge and asks Mayumi to carry it out. However, Mayumi becomes emotional and afraid from this revelation and Aunt Piumi begins to hunt down her assailants. Vihanga (played by Givantha) searches for Kelum and is attacked by Piumi's ghost. He is subsequently killed in a car accident.
Achene and Shakya begin to suspect something is wrong in the house and consider leaving. Meanwhile, Sithum is injured and unable to walk. As a result, the three girls decide to leave him in the house alone and decide to go to a house closeby to ask for help. At that moment, they see a kovil and meet Mahendra Sami (played by Mahendra).
Sami tells them that the spirit of Aunt Piumi is seeking revenge for her death and will attack any man. The girls asked for a solution and Sami advises them to wait for the next day, which will be the day of a Full Moon. Sami also asks them to protect Sithum from the spirit until the Yaga. The girls come to the bungalow to protect Sithum from the spirit, but by the morning Sithum is found in the courtyard in an injured state. This contradicts the prediction made by Sami, who indicated that the keeper, Darshan, would be the next man to meet his fate at the hands of the ghost.
The next day, Sami, with his wife (played by Nilmini) discovers that the ghost of Aunt Piumi lives within Mayumi and her heart. The spirit is summoned and begins to tell the story that she had a secret relationship with the bungalow keeper, Darshan, and another man. Darshan discovered the other relationship and became jealous. The two argued so much that Darshan killed Piumi by suffocation in an uncontrollable act of rage and jealousy. Mayumi is protected from the spirit and the group heal the torment of Aunt Piumi's ghost through chanting.
During the film's final scenes, the grave of Aunt Piumi is beside the grave of Mayumi. The conclusion of the film reveals that it was the spirit of Aunt Piumi who possessed Mayumi and by releasing Piumi's turmoil, left Mayumi's body without a soul. It is also revealed that Piumi had a crush on Sithum and that the ghost has now taken control of him. With the secret that Mayumi's mother and Darshan had a covert contract to kill Piumi for her daughter's heart revealed, a possessed Mayumi enters her mother's room and suffocates her to death.[5]