Mujhe Kucch Kehna Hai

The story revolves around a sensitive young adult Karan (Tusshar Kapoor), who frequently skips college. Despite his poor academic performance, he displays many other talents. He is clever, an excellent musician, and plays in a band. His father constantly expresses his disappointment in him which often leads to Karan having outbursts of frustration and anger. One day in a deserted street, he lays eyes on Pooja (Kareena Kapoor) for the first time and falls in love with her. Following this brief acquaintance, he looks all over for her, but fails to find her. He slowly begins to lose hope in his quest, stops playing music and decides to move to another city with his uncle. While on his way there, his car breaks down, and he is forced to hitch a ride. To his amazement, he finds Pooja in the driver's seat. As they introduce themselves, an accident occurs when a truck collides with their car, which subsequently falls into a valley. Karan and Pooja find themselves hanging from a cliff, and even though Karan manages to haul Pooja back up the steep cliff, he loses his grip and falls into the ravine.
When Pooja regains consciousness, she assumes responsibility for Karan's death and offers to help in the search for his body. Meanwhile, Karan has survived the fall but is seriously injured and unconscious. He is found by a man who takes him to the hospital and soon after, Karan is reunited with his family. As he recovers, he reflects on how he should have confessed his love to Pooja in the few moments they were together. He also begins to focus on his education instead of his music. In time, Pooja arrives at his doorstep to apologize and offers her friendship. They become good friends and then Pooja tells Karan that she must leave for the United States for further studies. Devastated, he finally confesses his love for her. Pooja feels the same way and cannot deny her feelings for Karan, and promises that she will return to him once she completes her education. Karan agrees to patiently wait for her.