Abhiyum Njanum

Abhinami /Abhi (Archana Kavi) is a Keralite girl brought up in Mumbai. She journeys to Kerela to meet her cousin Sohan, only to find that he is away from his home. So Sohan's best friend Rahul (Rohit Nair) sets out with her in search of Sohan. Rahul makes Abhi pay for petrol. He makes a stop at fast food restaurant, and again tries to make her pay for his food, which annoys Abhi. But as they journey, a friendship develops between them. They visit friend Jose's home where Abhi chides Jose for complaining about his wife to a stranger. Then they stop at an old age home where Abhi impresses everyone with her skills at playing violin. Then they look for Sohan at a beach, but instead encounter goons who try to harass Abhi and take video of her. But Rahul beats them up and they continue on their journey. Rahul falls in love with Abhi, and confesses it to her. However she gets angry at him, thinking his purpose for being friends with her was to have an affair. Abhi reveals that she intends to marry Sohan according to her dead parent's wishes. On hearing this, Rahul apologizes. Throughout the journey Abhi reminisces her days spend with parents. She tells Rahul story of her parent's death by accident. Rahul comforts her and they continue their search for Sohan, finding out that he will be at a park in the evening. They spend rest of their day shopping and going to a temple. Rahul buys a ring not revealing for who it is. In the evening, the goons from beach follow them, as they speed up and escape. Finally they reach the park where Sohan is. Rahul gives her the ring as a token and wishes her good luck as they part ways. Abhi meets Sohan, but she learns that Sohan has a fiancée, Maya. Abhi does not reveal the purpose of her visit to Sohan after knowing about Maya, and sadly goes to airport, to leave for Mumbai. She tries to call up Rahul, while waiting at airport. But his number shows up as Sohan Menon in her phone. She meets Rahul at airport, and learns he is a pilot. She finds that Rahul is really Sohan Menon, and he put up an act along with his friends to test her, as she is a city girl. Abhi slaps Sohan/Rahul but soon forgives him. They exchange rings at the airport. Abhi sees her parents smile and wave at her.