Matrubhoomi: A Nation Without Women

The story begins in a rural village in Bihar,[6] with the delivery of a baby girl to a village couple. Her disappointed father, who was hoping for a boy, drowns her in vat of milk in a public ceremony. Many years later somewhere around 2050 A.D.,[6] this unchecked trend leads to the village being populated solely by males. The now uncouth and aggressive young men of the village are desperate for wives and release their frustration through group screenings of imported pornographic films, cross-dressed dance performances, and even bestiality. They are shown to be willing to go to the lengths of human trafficking and courtship-driven emigration to procure spouses for themselves.
The wealthy father Ramcharan (Sudhir Pandey) of five boys finds out about a single young woman, named Kalki ( Tulip Joshi ), living some distance from the village and buys her from her father. She is then married to all the five sons. Each night of the week, she is forced to sleep with one of the sons, and even the father gets his weekly night with her. Of all the men in the boorish lot, only the youngest son Sooraj (Sushant Singh) treats her with respect and tenderness.
When the youngest son is killed by his jealous brothers, Kalki asks her father's help for escape. Blinded by the money given to him as dowry, he turns her down. One of the sympathetic domestic servant boys of house helps her to escape but attempt goes lethally awry. The servant boy is brutally murdered while Kalki gets captured by the villagers. The villagers chain her to a post in a cow shed as she becomes a pawn of revenge in an inter-community conflict. The lower caste community of village hold her responsible for the death of the servant-boy, decide to avenge the murder by gang rapeing her mercilessly night after night. Kalki is then sent back to her husbands.
Kalki becomes pregnant and everybody rejoices. A new servant boy is appointed for her care. As the news spreads, every man in the village claims for the paternity of unborn child which causes violence to break out in the village. The men kill each other off over rights to Kalki and her child. In the meanwhile Kalki goes into labour. The film ends on a violent but hopeful note, as she bears a baby girl.[2][7]