Hava Aney Dey

Arjun (Aniket Vishwasrao), 18 years old, lives in the northern suburbs of Bombay with his widowed mother Sheela, who works hard to make ends meet. She has one goal in life: that Arjun gets a diploma and a good job. Arjun is attracted to Salma (Rajshree Thakur), a girl from a Muslim upper-class family. Arjun knows that she is beyond his reach.
Chabia (Nishikant Kamat), 21 years old, is Arjun’s best friend and a mechanic in a garage. Chabia loves Mona (Tannishtha Chatterjee), a dancer in a cabaret bar. Chabia hates seeing the rich men showering her with money as she dances for them. She wants to go and work in Dubai.
Rohit, a rich young man, brings his BMW car to service it in Chabia’s garage. Chabia fixes his car with cheap spares that he has procured from dubious sources.
Rohit is happy and invites Chabia for a drink in a posh club in downtown Bombay. Chabia thinks that this is an opportunity to meet upper-class people. But things turn out badly for him and the bouncers beat him up. Rohit does not help.
Tensions on the Pakistan border increase, and the military build-up intensifies. Both countries test their intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Chabia steals money from his brother and plans to run away with Mona and start a new life. But she hesitates at the last minute and goes to work in the cabarets of Dubai. Arjun fails his diploma examination as he tries to cheat using fake papers that Chabia procured for him. The two friends want to do something to leave this climate of despair.
An old friend returns from abroad with stories of his fortunes. He was going to retire in a few years. He had made his money. Chabia tries to convince Arjun to go abroad with him, but Arjun does not want to leave his mother alone. Chabia and Arjun decide to meet an employment agent who promises them jobs for a huge fee. Chabia arranges his fee, but Arjun cannot manage his. Chabia tells him to ask his mother Sheela to lend him the money. At first, Sheela is very angry but succumbs to her son’s demand.
The day before their departure, they celebrate their farewell. The mood is upbeat. However, India and Pakistan destroy each other's major cities with nuclear bombs.