Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi

Arun (Siddharth) and Parvathi (Amala Paul) give an interview about their love story. But they fight even before the interview gets over. Then the movie rewinds 5 months earlier. Arun meets Parvathi in a college canteen and soon they become friends. Parvathi has problems at her home as her mother Saroja wants to divorce her father Akilan. Arun and Parvati fights for trivial reasons and then get together. Movie revolves around how little things may contribute to break ups.
One day, while Parvati stressed up and wants to talk to Arun, he didn't answer his phone. They fight on that issue and gradually their fights frequency grows. Arun introduces her to his parents and Arun's father recognizes her as one of his client's daughter. He tells his son that Parvati's parents are getting divorced. As time progresses, they break up but the reason is not revealed. Arun's friend Vignesh tries to propose his junior Rashmi. But Rashmi addresses Vignesh as brother and she introduce her lover who is Vignesh's senior. Arun tries to recover from the break-up. Arun's friend calls him to a trip to Pondicherry to see his friend John.John's girlfriend Cathy starts friendly chat with Arun. Cathy wishes to help Arun and asks him why they broke up. Arun says that he doesn't have any reason and that is his problem. Since Cathy becomes friendly with Arun, Misunderstanding crops up between Cathy and John. Meanwhile, Akilan approaches Prabhu for divorce. Prabhu who is Arun's father advice Akilan to reunite with Saroja after knowing that Akilan is Parvathi's Father. Akilan and Saroja unite in Parvathi's grandparents 80th marriage. Consequently, John realise that Arun and Cathy are just being friendly and he reunites with cathy. While Rashmi realise that her lover (vignesh's senior) is a playboy, she realises this and tells this to Vignesh and accepts his true love. At last, Parvathi and Arun reunite after a silly quarrel in the same canteen that they met earlier.