Karvva

The film is a compendium of two linear story lines, related to the final plot. The first story line follows a documentary film crew who are out to debunk a rumor about a haunted house, while the other recounts the kidnapping of a rich businessman’s daughter. The connection between the two linear story lines is a classic, which is set in a worn down mansion located somewhere in the Karnataka countryside.
When a non-residing Indian(NRI) attempts to sell his ancestral property, he finds that it has a nasty reputation as a haunted house. In an attempt to improve his chances of a sale, he enlists the help of a documentary filmmaker, specializing in investigations of supernatural events. The TV crew also has some kind of spiritual adviser and a scientist with a machine that measures ghost activity. However, despite all their skepticism, the crew finds more than they bargained for in the abandoned house. In a plan to exorcise the spirit, they aim to return at a more auspicious time.
The second half of the story focuses on Thilak, a spoiled, rich kid who lives the high life; until he loses a large amount of money gambling. When his father (Devaraj) decides that enough is enough after hearing a fake need for more money from Tilak and refuses to bail him out. Anisha Ambrose is Thilak’s sister, tries to get her father to help Thilak, but is kidnapped and a ransom note sent to Devaraj. The kidnappers choose Thilak to deliver the ransom money and the directions he follows take him to an abandoned mansion somewhere in the Karnataka countryside. This is the same Raja bungalow that is haunted by a vengeful ghost, but Thilak is only concerned about finding his sister and isn’t too concerned about his surroundings. He also approaches the house from the back which looks much less creepy and isn’t quite as festooned with cobwebs as the front of the house either. Events conspire to leave Thilak, his sister and three friends stuck in the house overnight. As the house and it's unknown inhabitant come alive, the friends find out the history of Raja bungalow. Will they last until morning? Is there a ghost? Who is the real villain in the film? These are what constitute the plot.