Amaravathi

A friendship blossoms between Sreenu, the son of a maid servant and Amaravathi the daughter of the landlord in whose house the maid worked. Adolescent play between the boy and girl catches the furious eye of the landlord who kills the maid and slits Sreenu’s throat and throws him into a river. He is later saved by a hypnotiser who finds him by the river side, he restores him back to life and teaches him hypnosis. In the present day police are baffled by a series of crimes where the sadistic perpetrator was stealing babies from fully pregnant women, leaving the women bleed to death. Task Force officer Venkat is recalled from a sabbatical and given charge of the case. He quickly cracks the case and apprehends the culprit. But the crimes against pregnant women continue with the culprit in jail. Sure that he had apprehended the right culprit, Venkat decides to investigate deeper. And finds out that the crimes were committed by the task force who worked to catch the culprit by hypnotizing them. He discovers that the culprit in jail was Sreenu, the boy whose throat was slit and thrown into a river. By the time Venkat completes his investigation, Sreenu gives the cops a slip and escapes from prison. Venkat somehow deduces that Srinu wanted a total of ten babies to complete his mission and was one short. Venkat wants to save that one baby and mother from Sreenu’s blade. He investigates furiously and is shocked to discover that the tenth baby Sreenu wanted was in the womb of his wife. Plot twist is that Sreenu is collecting all these babies for the sake of Amravati who has gone insane since her miscarriage, so Sreenu finds her and takes care of her. Amaravati who has a weird desire of having everything in tens, wants ten children badly but isn't physically or mentally fit to have children, so Sreenu hypnotisies the doctor to plant her fetus in ten women who approaches him in hopes of conceiving . How Venkat ends up delivering his wife at Sreenu's door step manages to save his wife and return the stolen babies to their respective mothers is the rest of the story.