Swimming with Sharks

Buddy Ackerman, an influential movie mogul, and Senior Vice President of Production at Keystone Pictures, hires Guy, a naïve young writer, as his assistant. Guy, who has just graduated from film school, believes that his new job is a golden opportunity. Despite warnings from Rex, the outgoing assistant who has become hardened under Buddy's reign, Guy remains optimistic.
Buddy turns out to be the boss from hell; he treats Guy like a slave, subjects him to public verbal abuse, and has him bending over backwards to do meaningless errands that go beyond just his work life. Guy is humiliated and forced to bear the brunt of his insults just to keep his job. Guy's only solace is his new girlfriend, Dawn, a producer at Buddy's firm, and the possible promise of a promotion. Buddy also takes Guy's credit on a major film being produced by Dawn, getting himself promoted to President of Production at Keystone. When Buddy apparently fires Guy in a phone call, Guy snaps and takes Buddy hostage in order to exact revenge. He ties Buddy up and subjects him to severe beatings, torture and mind games. It is later revealed that due to a botched call waiting function on Buddy's home phone, Guy heard Buddy and Dawn arranging a rendezvous at Buddy's house, and Guy kidnapped and tortured Buddy as revenge for him "stealing" Dawn.
Once under Guy's power, Buddy reveals for the first time a human, vulnerable side. He tells Guy that his wife had been raped and murdered on Christmas Eve 12 years prior, and reveals that he, too, was once a bullied assistant to powerful, tyrannical businessmen and spent a decade putting up with such abuse to become successful himself. He also reveals that abusing Guy was his way of teaching him that he must earn his success. Dawn arrives at the scene to find Guy aiming a gun at Buddy, and insists that she had only agreed to see Buddy as a way of helping Guy's career. Dawn pleads with Guy to put down the gun, but Buddy tells Guy that he has to pull the trigger in order to get ahead in the business. After a moment's indecision, Buddy screams at Guy to shoot, which he does.
The climax of the film reveals that Guy killed Dawn (who is blamed for kidnapping and torturing Buddy), and was subsequently promoted. In the final scene, Guy coldly tells a former colleague to find out what he really wants and then do anything to get it. During this speech, Buddy passes by his office, makes eye contact with Guy and silently gestures to call Guy into his office for a meeting. Guy excuses himself and goes into Buddy's office. The movie ends with Buddy shutting his office doors as other staff members pass by.