This Guy's in Love with U Mare!

After three years of a happy relationship, Mike (Luis Manzano) decided to end his relationship with his gay lover, Lester (Vice Ganda), After their break-up, Lester soon finds out that Mike was cheating on him for the past year with a bank accountant Gemma (Toni Gonzaga). This leads to Lester hatching a plan to destroy Mike and Gemma's relationship, by acting like a straight man so that Mike will come back to him. He told his four gay friends who are also his employees in his parlor, Babushka (IC Mendoza), Ricky (Lassie Marquez), Fanny (Ricky Rivero) and Bambi (Ricci Chan) to pretend to rob Gemma after her shift. Lester pretends to be her "knight and shining armor" and saves her from the "robbers". After the ruckus, Gemma took Lester home to meet her parents (Boboy Garovillo and Carla Martinez). After a dinner with Gemma's family, Lester went home. He stopped by his parlor and shocked at his friend's broken faces (the bruises he left after he saved Gemma from them). After they tried to have their revenge on him, he soon apologized and get together again. Gemma called Mike that same evening, telling him that Mike should meet with Lester in order for him to learn martial arts, which he declines. With his family's suffering for poorness, Mike doesn't know where to get money for his and Gemma's wedding. He proposed to Gemma, which caused Lester to have his plan.
One day at her job, Lester visits and deposits P5,000,000 on their bank. Gemma and Mike met up again, after seeing the flowers that Lester gave Gemma (Mike doesn't know who Gemma's suitor is) he became extremely upset which caused their argument. Gemma and Lester began dating. One day Gemma was visited by her family to her room, all of them except her mother left the room, which tells her, if she loves Lester, she replied that she was confused and doesn't know what to answer. One day at her job, Lester calls and invites to come to The Dream Concert she really wants to go. After a long and fun night, Mike soon learned that it was Lester who was Gemma's suitor. One day after a tiring game of basketball, Lester got sick and was taken care of by Gemma. Lester learns that Gemma was a good person and wanted to stop what he was doing to her. Mike told Gemma that something is wrong. He then brings Gemma to Lester's house and showed her his room (Lester's room was filled with pictures of Mike), which Gemma became really angry and disappointed. He then broke up with Mike and cancelled their wedding.
Mike apologized to Lester for using him, which Lester accepted. Mike and Lester did everything for Gemma to forgive them, but both of them failed. When Mike was apologizing to Gemma, Gemma taunts Mike that she will jump in the bridge that they were standing to. But soon, Gemma forgives Mike and Lester.
Gemma and Mike's wedding was held at a beach and live happily ever after. Lester found his one true love (the guy that saved him from the bridge where he almost drowned (Sam Milby). But it was only to be revealed that the guy who saved him was a priest and was going to held Gemma and Mike's wedding, which causes Lester for a traumatic experience.