Aasaiyil Oru Kaditham

Karthik (Prashanth) is on his way from Chennai to attend his friend Anand’s (Anand) wedding in a village. In the bus stand, Kathik sees a girl (Kausalya) and gets attracted towards her. To his surprise, he meets the same girl in the village again. Karthik writes a love letter to her and gives it through a small girl. Karthik gets shocked now as he finds that the girl is Lakshmi (Kausalya) and is Anand’s fiancé.
Lakshmi’s relatives get furious knowing that someone has given a love letter to her and they keep searching for the guy who has written it. Once the wedding is complete, Karthik reveals to everyone that it was him who had given the love letter to Lakshmi and apologizes that he didn’t know that Lakshmi is the bride in wedding. Lakshmi’s relatives forgive him while Anand and Lakshmi leave to Chennai.
But Anand gets suspicious that Lakshmi might have an affair with Karthik and starts suspecting her. He also keeps secretly monitoring her while being alone at home. Anand’s father (Rajan P Dev) is also a sadist and he tortures Lakshmi. Anand openly reveals to Lakshmi that he does not trust her and accuses of having illegitimate affair with Karthik. Lakshmi is worried and keeps trying to win the trust of her husband.
Meanwhile, Shantini (Chandini) is Karthik’s college mate and she loves him but Karthik does not reciprocate. Despite Karthik avoiding Shantini, she tries to woo him continuously. Finally Karthik accepts Shantini’s love and her father (Santhana Bharathi), a local rich man decides to get them married.
But Anand’s suspicion over Lakshmi increases and he starts torturing her. He even goes to the extent of throwing acid on her face. One day, Lakshmi’s cousin comes to meet her but Anand behaves very rude towards him. Lakshmi requests her cousin not to inform about the torture she undergoes to her father (Vijayakumar) as he will keep worrying. Lakshmi decides to suicide and goes to a nearby bridge but gets luckily saved by Karthik. Lakshmi reveals about Anand’s behaviour to Karthik and he feels bad that it was him who is responsible for all the fiasco.
Karthik goes to meet Anand and again tries to prove that he does not have an affair with Lakshmi. But Anand does not listen to him. Anand also decides to spoil Karthik’s relationship with Shantini. Anand meets Shantini and informs that Karthik and Lakshmi are in illegitimate relationship which shocks Shantini. Shantini’s father gets furious hearing this and he sends a few goons to beat Karthik. But Karthik beats them up and comes to meet Shantini. Karthik decides to break up with Shantini as she didn’t trust him instead believed all the false stories cooked up by Anand.
Lakshmi could no longer bear her husband’s torture and decides to return to her parents. Karthik meets Lakshmi and decides to accompany during her travel till the village. But Anand informs Lakshmi’s father that Lakshmi has decided to elope with Karthik. Vijayakumar also believes Anand’s words and accuses Lakshmi and Karthik when they reach the village.
Lakshmi worries that even her parents didn’t trust her. Anand and his father come to Lakshmi’s village and try to tarnish her image in front of the villagers. But Lakshmi’s cousin (who met Lakshmi at her home before) comes to the spot and clarifies about the hardships she had faced. Vijayakumar realizes his mistake and apologizes to Lakshmi. Meanwhile, Lakshmi decides to ditch Anand and she throws the “thali” on his face. She also does not want to stay with her parents as they too doubted her character. Lakshmi decides to walk away from the village while Karthik says that he will accompany her as a good friend. The movie ends with both Karthik and Lakshmi leaving the village together as good friends.