The Edge of Love

The story is loosely based on real events and people, drawing on Rebekah Gilbertson's idea and David N. Thomas' book Dylan Thomas: A Farm, Two Mansions and a Bungalow.[2]
During the London Blitz, nightclub singer Vera Phillips (Keira Knightley) runs into her first love, the charismatic Welsh poet Dylan Thomas (Matthew Rhys). Despite Dylan having married and started a family with Caitlin Macnamara (Sienna Miller), the two's feelings for one another are rekindled.The two women, initially imbued in a rivalry, become best friends and, drinking heavily in wartime London, the three come to get along.
As this is going on, William Killick (Cillian Murphy), a British Army officer, begins to pursue Vera. Both Vera and Caitlin are intrigued by his steadfast, gallant personality, despite its contrasts with Vera's rebelliousness. William notices Vera's closeness with Dylan, but doesn't appear concerned by it; he and Vera even lend the struggling poet some of their savings. William and Vera fall in love and marry, but soon afterwards William is called up to join the fight against the German invasion of Greece.
Shortly after William's departure, Vera discovers she is pregnant. Upset that motherhood will take away her independence, she contemplates—but cannot bring herself to—aborting William's child. Vera gives birth to a son, and she and the Thomases move to the Welsh seashore to raise their children in two small neighboring cottages, where Vera and Caitlin's friendship grows ever stronger. Dylan and Caitln's marriage grows distorted by multiple infidelities, and Dylan draws Vera into having an affair with him.
William, now a Captain, returns home, scarred by the horrors of the war. Vera notices his emotional distance and instability. In his disquiet, William comes to suspect his wife's infidelity and confronts her about it. Vera confesses the truth to both William and Caitlin, both of whom become furious with Vera. One evening, while severely inebriated and angry with Dylan's friends and their ignorant remarks on the war, William wanders out and fires multiple shots into the Thomases' house. He does not hit anyone and Vera manages to talk him down. The next morning, William seems to return to his former self. However, he is soon arrested and taken to trial.
During the trial, Dylan testifies against William and exaggerates the facts, stating that William was sober and that William intended to kill him, his wife, and his child. The jury finds William innocent of intent to murder, and he returns home. He accepts his new role as a father, and he and Vera forgive each other, eventually rekindling their relationship. Soon afterwards, the Thomases move out of their cottage. During their farewell, Vera restores her friendship with Caitlin, but never speaks with Dylan again, unable to forgive him for testifying against her husband.