Anjaan

A handicapped man named Krishna (Suriya) arrives at Mumbai from Kanyakumari at a train station after boarding a train from there. He, along with a taxi driver named Raja (Soori) travel around Mumbai to look for his elder brother, Raju. Raja tries to get to know about Krishna, but is unable to get any details about him from him. Krishna rents out a room in a hotel, takes shower and changes clothes. He gets Raja to take him to a club, where Krishna then tries to meet an old associate of Raju named Amar, who is a very powerful gangster/don through his henchmen, but fails. He then meets a drunken close friend of Raju named Rajiv, who had overheard his conversation with Amar's henchmen and he tells Krishna that Raju is Raju Bhai (Suriya), a powerful and feared gangster/don. He then tells things to Krishna about Raju, until he passes out from being drunk.
Krishna leaves and sees Raja attempting to leave him, having overheard the fact, that Krishna is the younger brother of Raju. Raja revealed a personal damage to his taxi, that Raju is solely responsible of and despite not wanting to have Krishna as his customer, still takes him to where he wants to go. A boy living in the streets steals Krishna's laptop and Raja tells Krishna that he can't get back, only for some people to bring in the boy and gives Krishna back his laptop, having seen Raju's photo on the desktop of Krishna's laptop and becoming fearful of him. Krishna then later meets JK (Dalip Tahil), an old enemy of Raju and he tells his experience with Raju Bhai. He tells him that Raju could have killed him, but spared his own life. He tells Krishna to another close friend of Raju named Karim Bhai (Joe Malloori).Krishna finally meets Karim Bhai and he tells Krishna that Chandru (Vidyut Jamwal), another powerful gangster/don is an inseparable friend and partner in crime of Raju, while as they are emerging in the underworld, their own enemies grow too.
Their main henchmen are Johnny (Murali Sharma), Rajiv (Asif Basra), Jackie, and Manoj (Chetan Hansraj). Karim Bhai is their personal and close friend. A new police commissioner (Bikramjeet Kanwarpal) plans to clean the city and kills a few henchmen of Raju and Chandru's gang. Raju then retaliates this by kidnapping the police commissioner's daughter, Jeeva (Samantha Ruth Prabhu) on her wedding and keeps her as a hostage or a guest for a day. The police wanted to strike back at Raju and Chandru, but was against doing that now until later, as his family relatives have came. When Raju goes to leave her back at the marriage hall, she tells him that she actually doesn't want to go and doesn't want to marry because she didn't love anyone. She attempted to watch a movie in a theater with Raju, which is arranged by Rajiv, but in the end Raju took her back to the marriage hall because the movie she was watching was Chennai Express, having seen about five times.She fells in love with Raju, who rejects it at first, but later reciprocated it.
Unfortunately, the police commissioner strikes back later at Raju and Chandru's gang forcing Raju to reject Jeeva, just to keep his friendship with Chandra, as Chandru became suspicious of Raju, thinking he might have told Jeeva some details about their gang. Things go very well until Raju and Chandru invoke the wrath of Imran Bhai (Manoj Bajpai) who is a bigger and more powerful don than them and whom they both personally met at a gathering party. Imran praises Raju and Chandru for their work, but also warns that if they get in his way or his position, he will shoot and kill at them like pigs. Chandru gets angry and upset about this. So, the next day, Raju then gives Chandru a surprise by capturing Imran. Chandru becomes thrilled about it and gives Raju a surprise by getting him a new car. Raju then sees Jeeva inside. Chandru tells him that he had given Raju a surprise and tells him to stay away for seven days with Jeeva as a vacation.
The police commissioner calls Raju about Jeeva, only for Raju to confess his love for Jeeva to him, leaving the police commissioner to not say anything. Raju and Jeeva have a blast. However, Raju and Jeeva were attacked by some henchmen and were forced to come back. Raju attempted to call Chandru, in which Amar answered it, until the line ended up being cut. When Raju comes back, he sees Chandru murdered in a ghastly manner. A frustrated and angered Raju goes in search of the killers, but he is shot and killed by Amar in a bridge, where his body fell into the water. Amar, then later calls Imran and telling him, he has killed Raju. Krishna then becomes very worried. At that very same time, Amar comes to Karim's taxi service headquarters and starts beating one of the taxi drivers for not giving him nor his henchmen money. Karim protests and Amar leaves, before giving a warning, while Krishna hid away from them. But suddenly, the henchmen Krishna met at the bar in the club saw him and told Amar about him. Amar had already came to know that Krishna was looking for him.
He took his laptop and taunts him, while also revealing that he killed Raju and showed the very gun he used to killed him with. Amar then attempted to kill Krishna using his henchmen, while trying to get Karim helpless to save him, only for Krishna to beat and kill up the henchmen Amar set up to kill him as well as two other henchmen. It is then ultimately revealed that 'Krishna' is none other than Raju Bhai, who is alive and very well in a very different look that his old rugged look by having a toothpick out of his mouth, something that Raju Bhai does often. Raju then fights Amar's henchmen and kills Amar. Raju decides to keep pretend that he is 'Krishna' to catch Chandru's murderer. Karim promises to help by keeping his secret and giving him residence or shelter in his own house, while also telling Raju that on the day Chandru died, there was a planned between him and JK. He also reveals the one person, who is not with the gang for the meeting with JK.
He then goes to find Jackie in a stadium for a horse race. Jackie ran away from Raju, upon noticing him following him and disguised as a handicapped him, only to come know his identity, when Raju pull out his chain necklace, which is covered underneath in his shirt. Jackie tearfully pleads him that he is innocent and reveals that Johnny told him not to go with them on the day of the meeting without explaining why. Jackie tried to call Raju, Raju was unable to answer it. So, he called Chandru, but Johnny answered it. Scared and knowing something is not right, Jackie ran away from his home. Raju then finds Johnny in a parking lot of a shopping mall using his prostitute girlfriend, Sindhu (Sanjana Singh) and taking of his henchmen in a very short work in the parking lot. Johnny initially didn't recognize Raju, until Raju unfold his shirt's collar. Johnny attempts to pin and frame everything on Jackie, only to be confronted by him as well.
Johnny was forced to revealed that on the day of the meeting, which took place in a hotel/apartment, that while Chandru, Amar, Johnny, and Manoj waited for JK, Chandru had a state change of mind about the meeting having earlier wanted to do it with Raju and decided to do it another day with Raju being here. The doorbell ranged and Chandru thought it was JK, only to for it to be revealed as Imran and his henchmen. They hold Chandru, Amar, Johnny, and Manoj as hostages and wanted Chandru to call Raju and get him to come here. Chandru had given them one chance to kill him, but not to kill Amar, Johnny, and Manoj. This resulted in a quick and short between Chandru and Imran's henchmen, in which Chandru won. Chandru was about to kill Imran, only to be grabbed by Amar, Johnny, and Manoj.
They along with Imran had plotted to betray and kill Chandru and Raju, with Imran promising them, that they can become very powerful dons like and alongside him in ruling the streets and the whole city of Mumbai. When Raju attempted to call Chandru, Amar answered in his place making unaware of what is happening to Chandru. Chandru, being taunted by Imran over Amar's replies towards Raju in the cellphone conversation, he ended up breaking his cellphone, cutting and canceling Raju's call. Imran killed Chandru by slashing him multiple times with a knife. Before Chandru dies, he warns Imran, Amar, Johnny, and Manoj, that Raju will come back and kill them all. A disappointed and upset Raju kills Johnny. Raju then launches an attack on Manoj, who is now a powerful gangster/don and businessman running a successful gold company in Mumbai on his own company and his henchmen, while he is away from India.
When he came back having heard of the attack and the deaths of Amar and Johnny, he orders his henchmen to kill whoever is responsible for this. He then founded out that Raju had earlier attempted to visit him in his office of his company's building disguised as Krishna in the last previous week. He sees through the footage of his security camera, that Raju has arrived again to his company building and Manoj ordered his assistant to bring him to his office. Manoj, thinking that Raju is 'Krishna' and telling him some noted details about Raju such as having a toothpick in his mouth, an unfolded collar on his shirt, and a scar on his right eyebrow, while telling his arrival to Mumbai is a waste of time and that Raju is 'dead', unaware that he is still alive and is standing before him disguised as 'Krishna'.Imran called him on his cellphone and Manoj had a conversation with him talking about his birthday party being held at a grand hotel, which Raju overheard and took note of it, all the while for Manoj to explain to Imran about 'Krishna'.
'Krishna' then tells Manoj, that Raju is alive and is in his building, causing Manoj to send his henchmen to search his company building around for Raju, while he hold 'Krishna' at gunpoint. Raju then reveals his identity by revealing all noted details that Manoj pointed about him earlier and beats up Manoj and his henchmen. Raju kills all the henchmen and was about to kill Manoj, but Manoj tries to get Raju to spare his life by offering a deal to be successful in life. Raju seems to accept, but he ended punching Manoj in the face and refusing his deal, all the while, angrily killing him by shooting in the head with his own gun. Raju, having killed all the betrayers of his former gang heads back to Karim's place by Raja, who he still thinks he is 'Krishna'.
After taking a bath, Raju is handed a towel by Karim's daughter, who reminded of Jeeva. He then remembered at one time, that Raju, Chandru, and Jeeva went to a musical concert, which is finished, but using their influence and having been friends with the theatre manager of the concert, they get the concert back on running. At first, Guru Shastri (Brahmanandam), the head of the musical troupe performing the concert refuses to play for them given the fact that Raju and Chandru are gangsters/dons, but accepts, when Chandru pointed out Raju and Jeeva are lovers and Jeeva wanted to see his concert. Unfortunately, Guru Shastri's music turned out to be awful making Raju, Chandru, and Jeeva leave the theater in disgust.
Then, a parade with some very good music came by and they all danced to it for fun and in celebration. It was there, that Jeeva understands the friendship between Raju and Chandru. Raju then attempted to kill Imran in his birthday party, only to fail, when that it is revealed Imran is not in India, but is in Dubai doing a live telecast call in the hotel of his birthday party. He also reveals that he know Raju is still alive and threatens to kill him. Imran's henchmen searched everywhere for Raju, including checking into the hotel he rented a room there. Then Imran's henchmen came at Karim 's house and search everywhere for Raju, but he is not there. So they kidnap Karim's daughter to hold her as a hostage in order to make Raju come to them.
When Raju and Karim came there, Karim was told that his daughter is kidnapped. When Raju prepares to go rescue Karim's daughter, Karim reveals him that wasn't his daughter, who has been kidnapped, but it was none other than Jeeva. Jeeva, knowing that Raju is alive given that his 'body' is never found and knowing that he will come back to Mumbai, decides to wait for him, until he finishes his quest for revenge against Imran for Chandru's death, understanding how much Chandru meant to him. Raju went to the location, beats up the henchmen, and gets Jeeva, who had her left hand injured by the leader of the henchmen using his smoking cigarette to safety by having be taken away by Karim, while killing all of them including the leader, who before dying founded out Jeeva was Raju's lover because her left hand had a tattoo of Raju's name on it, which she got during the time she and Raju had a blast.
Unfortunately, he gets captured by Imran's top four henchmen and was taken to get killed by Imran face to face. Imran was about to kill Raju with the very same knife he had used to kill Chandru, only to held gunpoint by his main henchmen, which are now of them. Raju reveals just like how Imran got Amar, Johnny, and Manoj to betray him and Chandru, he used Imran's own remaining henchmen to betray him by making a similar deal to them, that Imran made to Amar, Johnny, and Manoj. When one of them remains faithful to Imran, while the other three decided to betray him, one of the three, mainly the leader of the group killed the faithful one. Raju grabbed Imran's knife from him and killed in the very exact way Imran killed Chandru, while Imran realizes his fate is sealed before he died.
Fulfilling his revenge over Chandru's death, the henchmen decides to clear up Imran's murder and ask Raju to leave, only for Raju to double crosses them all and killed them with a gun. Raju reunites with Jeeva and they both were leaving Mumbai, until they bump into Raja, who has noticed that 'Krishna' has never found Raju, but instead found a beautiful girl in Jeeva. When Raja saw that 'Krishna' is walking without his crutch, he ask him about him, only for 'Krishna' to reveal his true identity as Raju Bhai, by having a toothpick in his mouth, leaving Raja shocked. Raju and Jeeva left Mumbai happily.