Nagarahavu

Nagarahavu is about a woman transforming into a snake to seek revenge. The film starts with a flashback character called Naganika (Ramya) who is a big personality in her city. She and her forefathers have been saving an ancient monument since hundreds of years. Evil Tantrik Kapali (Rajesh Vivek) and his forefathers have been fighting with Naganika`s family since many years to occupy this Lord Shiva Monument. Kapali (Rajesh Vivek) kills Naganika (Ramya) and occupies the Lord Shiva monument. While dying Naganika (Ramya) takes an oath that she will come back to take revenge on Kapali (Rajesh Vivek). In the next birth, Naganika (Ramya) takes birth as Manasa, a snake woman to take revenge.
Manasa (Ramya) is daughter of Shivaiah. She is in the company of Nagacharan (Diganth) with the pretext of learning music. Her motives and calculations are different. The ancient Kalasha(divine vessle) in the museum has significance. In her previous birth she has protected this precious Kalasha(divine vessle). This is the Kalasha(divine vessle) on the Soorya Grahan (Solar Eclipse) day collect the strength of gods and goddesses. A series of attempts have been made by the demons to capture it. It is Shivayya (Saikumar) handover the Kalasha(divine vessle) to his daughter Nagalika. The story revolves around how she defeat the Kapali and save the Lord Shiva Monument. The kalasha is excavated by archeologists and it becomes the trophy in a music competition. Kalasha is the most wanted thing for baddies led by Mukul Dev, Amit Tiwari and Ravi Kale. Several people are out to get it. But how does the divine snake (Ramya) prevents their plans forms the story. The clash is now between Nagacharan (Diganth) and Manasa (Ramya) on one side and three baddies on the other side. Then Manasa explains her past that has a glorious episode connecting the Kalasha to Nagacharan(Diganth). Vishnuvardhan is a mythical king who comes to the rescue. In the end, she gets help from the Lord Shiva himself who sends his serpent necklace to the rescue.