Brahmotsavam

The movie starts with Ajay's (Mahesh Babu) entry, where he gets ready to attend his sister's wedding party. At the function, few of the guests discuss that without Ajay's father (Sathyaraj), Ajay's Uncle (Rao Ramesh) or mother's brother, would be a nobody who will not be cared by anyone. Ajay's Uncle, disturbed by their words, decides to leave the party and go home. Ajay, who notices his uncle leaving, decides to accompany him and drop him home. When Uncle reaches home, his wife sees him distressed and after knowing why, she tells him that Ajay's father is always like Lord Rama and that he is like Lord Hanuman, guardian of Lord Rama. When he is still not convinced, she asks him to get their daughter (Pranitha Subhash) married to Ajay. Ajay's father owns and runs a paint factory along with Ajay's Uncle and his three brothers. Ajay also helps at the factory. Ajay's father is a very deep person who values family relationships and bonds and always works to keep his family in one piece. He has a diary in which he writes his emotions and feelings and various thoughts that he likes to keep to himself.
Kasi Annapurna (Kajal Aggarwal), an NRI from Australia, comes to India to spend her 3-month vacation in the country. She is received at the airport by her father (Subhalekha Sudhakar). She is a women of her own mind and sees the world as a very huge place where there's always a lot to learn and explore extensively. Her father later introduces her to Ajay's father, who are both childhood friends and convinces her to stay at Ajay's father's house. One day, as Kasi talks to a few girls in a room, they compel her to show them a mole on her waist and as she does, a curious Ajay who overheard them laughing while eating downstairs, walks into the room and sees the mole. The rest of the girls rush out of the room, leaving Kasi and Ajay alone where both of them are clearly shown to be interested in each other.
The festival of Lord Rama's Kalyanam arrives. Ajay falls in love with Kasi and conveys his feelings to Kasi, who accepts his love indirectly and says that they still have 3 months to know each other. The family celebrates the festival with happiness and joy. Later, Ajay and Kasi go out for a night-drive where they spend time with each other. As they are walking down an empty tunnel to Ajay's car, Ajay asks Kasi to dance with him. But Kasi jokingly refuses, saying she'll dance only if they have an audience. She tells him that boys only want hugs and kisses, not love.
A businessman (Jaya Prakash Reddy) offers to buy the paint factory but Ajay's father refuses as he feels that his family will break into pieces if he sells the factory for money. Later, Ajay and Kasi go to a marketplace to drink tea, where Ajay asks for her to dance again and convinces her by saying that she has the whole marketplace for an audience. He climbs onto a platform and tells her to dance there with him after she removes her footwear. She does as she was told and climbs onto the platform, only to realise that the platform is a huge ice bar. Ajay laughs at her as he took his sweet revenge but she joins him anyway and they dance. Meanwhile, Ajay's uncle is nervous about bringing up the topic of Ajay's marriage with hi daughter in a conversation with Ajay's father. Ajay takes Kasi to the factory, where they spend quality time with each other by talking about themselves and their future together, which finally ends in a paint-war.
Ajay thinks that the whole family should go on a vacation to take a break from their lives and his father decides to go to Ooty. Ajay and Kasi make out with each other during the trip and their love for each other deepens. Meanwhile, Ajay's father visits a park to spend some time alone where he befriends a 5-year-old girl before he knows that she has an illness that is going to take her life soon enough. As he later gets to know this, he tells her to pray everyday to god to give her another day and god will give her that extra day as god is kind. He later writes in his diary that it is unfair for the girl to die young as she has not tasted life at all at a tender age of 5. Kasi starts thinking about how her life will change as she now loves Ajay and asks her father how he would feel if she just stayed at this place, with Ajay's family for life, instead of learning and travelling around extensively as she had planned to before. The family continues its vacation and everyone enjoy it.
One day, as all of them are spending an afternoon dancing, Ajay notices Kasi who just arrived and waves at her to join him and dance with him. She shakes her head, conveying that she doesn't want to and Ajay stops dancing, walks to her and stands next to her, both of them watching the family dance. He asks her if she wants to go somewhere else and after she approves, they walk around. They walk in each other's silence and Ajay senses that Kasi is disturbed by something. They finally reach a lake when he asks her if she wants to leave him and he tells her that he will not leave her even if she gives him a hundred reasons. Kasi replies saying that she fits well in his heart but not in his family and that when she pictures his family, she cannot see herself in it. She says that she wants to see more in life and do many things that she still hasn't. She requests him to free themselves of each other and tells him, in tears, that life will lead them to different people who might love them as immensely and deeply as they loved each other. Ajay feels that if he truly loves her, he should let her go when she wants him to. They kiss and hold each other for some time, before Kasi walks away. Ajay's uncle sees them as the kiss but doesn't intrude their moment. He leaves the hotel and goes home because he is angry that Ajay and Kasi will marry each other, not knowing that they have parted ways. When Ajay's cousin tells everybody about her father's departure without a reason, an already heart-broken Ajay cancels the trip and everybody return home.
Ajay's Uncle finally confronts Ajay's father about his feelings and leaves the house saying there is no more attachment between them. Ajay's father, stabbed by his brother-in-law's words, dies due to extreme sadness and confusion after telling Ajay that every family member is important and losing one is unacceptable. Ajay's life is dimmed without his father and his love. After some days, he thinks that he should bring his uncle back into the family. Around the same time, Ajay's sister's friend , an NRI from London (Samantha Ruth Prabhu), comes to town and insists that she stays in Ajay's house as she finds Ajay to be handsome. Later, Ajay tells her that he is in love with Kasi, but nothing more than that. Ajay visits his uncle and asks him to forget the past and come back home but angrier that Ajay's father has the sympathy of death and that he made him look like a murderer, Ajay's Uncle refuses.
Later one day, Ajay's sister's friend casually says how interesting it would be to know your relatives who date back to at least seven generations in timeline. Struck by the thought, Ajay sets on a journey to search and recruit his relatives, who have lost contact with time. He befriends Lakkavarapu "Lilly" Lingaraju (Vennela Kishore), who is also his relative. Ajay's cousin meets Ajay to tell him that her marriage has been fixed with another man. Ajay's uncle later meets Ajay's sister's friend and tells her that he really respects Ajay and his father, tells her that he still wishes Ajay to be his daughter's husband and tells her even though he is aware of the fact that Ajay won't marry his daughter, he wants her to stay away from him. Ajay's sister's friend goes to Ajay to bid farewell and kisses him before she leaves.
Ajay returns home to his mother (Revathi) and looks at the house, once full of people and melodious with everyone's laugh, now empty and deafening with silence. The day of his cousin's marriage arrives and he goes to the wedding, despite his mother's disapproval. Ajay confronts his Uncle and asks him to come home, also telling him about his father's will written in his diary stating that the entire property under his name should go to his brother-in-law, not even to his son, because he is the only one who was with him during dark times and without his help, their family wouldn't have been where they are today. Ajay's uncle regrets his selfish and foolish behaviour and praises Ajay's father's big heart. Ajay and his Uncle reunite.
The movie ends with the celebration of Brahmotsavam festival.