Varadanayaka

The film starts with a flashback in Bangalore. ACP Varadhanayaka (Sudeep) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents, wife (Sameera Reddy) and younger brother Hari (Chiranjeevi Sarja). Hari is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Sirisha (Nikeesha Patel). Enter Section Shankar (P. Ravi Shankar) the villain who is notorious for settlements and land deals. Sirisha comes across ACP Varadhanayaka when she is on a field trip from her college with her friends. She gets friendly with his daughter Pinky who tells her that she would get her introduced to her uncle Hari and they would make a good pair. It turns out that Hari studies in Sirisha’s college and soon after they accidentally even come to know each other and get close.
ACP Varadhanayaka investigates the case of a dreaded criminal Shankar whom no one has been able to touch. He is even involved with a land deal involving crores of money which is completely illegal and others including the D.I.G is involved. When the chairman of the bank who has lent money for the deal demand the money back as the deal hasn’t worked, but umapathi eliminates him. The people who are customers of the bank take to the streets and try to damage the bank. ACP Varadhanayaka arrives there, arrests the manager and takes him away. Somehow Shankar comes to know where the manager has been taken. He arrives there with his men and the D.I.G nearly kill ACP Varadhanayaka. Shankar asks his men to dump the body. On the way, somehow Hari gets involved and ultimately rescues his brother from a burning bus and the elder brother dies in the younger brother’s arms. The entire media and the people think that ACP Varadhanayaka has swindled off all the money as they have been made to believe that by the D.I.G. Hari decides to take revenge on the people who killed his brother. Firstly he kills Siddharth(J.Karthik) (his friend and Shankar’s henchman). Then he kills the D.I.G (he had been taken to jail and he had escaped). Shankar also kidnaps the entire family of Hari. Hari goes to an old temple where he kills Shankar, he spills the beans that Varadhanayaka is dead and rescues his family under the supervision of the new D.I.G who supports him wholeheartedly.