RajadhiRaja

The film begins in Chittur district of Palakkad, Kerala. The story is about Shekarankutty (Mammootty), who is leading a happy family life with his wife (Raai Laxmi) and his daughter. One day Shekarankutty is arrested by the police on suspicion of being an underworld don. But as the police could not confirm that he was a don, he is released. Shekarankutty and his family are attacked by gangsters the following night. The next day they shift their house. As Shekarankutty and Ayyappan (Joju George) go to meet the commissioner, they are followed by several gangsters. As they are rounded up, Ayyappan tries to flee but stops when seeing Shekarankutty beating up the gangsters. After the fight, Shekarankutty takes Ayyappan to a place and reveals about his past as a notorious don. He reveals that he came to Mumbai to become a business person but instead got a job as a taxi driver.As the flashback ends, Shekarankutty is threatened by his former boss Krishna Vamshi (Raza Murad), that his family will be killed. However, Shekarankutty manages to save his family in the nick of time. Later in the movie, Shekarankutty is sent by his former boss to kill Chief Secretary, Mahindra Varma (Siddique (actor)) in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, who was his old friend on the occasion of Mahindra Varma's daughter's wedding. But as Shekarankutty is indebted to Mahindra Varma for the help he had done to Shekharankutty in the past, Shekarankutty can never kill Mahindra Varma. But as Shekarankutty's boss and his associates are adamant on killing Mr.Varma, they take Shekarankutty's family hostage and threaten to kill them unless Mahindra Varma is brought to them. Mahindra Varma says he too loves his family, as Shekarankutty does. Finally, Shekarankutty brings Mahindra Varma to Ahmed Shah (Joy Mathew), but Shekarankutty reveals that he and his friend Sikandar Bhai (Mukesh Khanna) killed his boss before coming to the place. As Ahmed Shah and his associates try to kill the Chief Secretary, a fight ensues and the villains are killed by Shekarankutty, and the Chief Secretary is saved.