Maine Dil Tujhko Diya

Ajay (Sohail Khan) is head of his college group named Aryans. A girl named Ayesha (Sameera Reddy) to which Ajay is introduced and become friends. Gradually, Ajay and Ayesha fall in love with each other. This enrages Ayesha's father (Kabir Bedi) because of his status. Ajay challenges to get Ayesha back to him in nick time. Mr.Verma's friend and business partner Chopra (Dalip Tahil) too gets enraged and decides to finish off Ajay, but Chopra has an ulterior motive, Chopra's son (Raja Bherwani) to get married by Ayesha only to get Verma family's wealth.
So Chopra appoints a notorious criminal Bhaijaan (Sanjay Dutt) to finish off Ajay. But Bhaijaan refuses as he do not do any wrong deeds in month of Ramadan. So Bhaijaan appoints his two head henchmen Munna (Rajpal Yadav) & Chhote (Sarfaraz Khan). Ajay at first empowers them during a fight but no sooner the formers appoint a gang to beat up Ajay brutally and left him dead on streets. Soon Ajay recovers from his injuries and enters Verma's mansion. An enraged Ajay challenges Verma to get back Ayesha at any cost. Verma too keeps a condition, if within 24 hours he didn't get back to Ayesha, he will have to get out of her life forever. Ajay accepts this deal. Chopra again plans a conspiracy and arrests Ajay without any crime.
The police inspector (Aashif Sheikh) first beats Ajay and the inspector gets equally beaten up brutally and Ajay runs from the jail. Now Chopra calls Chhote to kill Ajay and promises to give him loads of money but Chhote replies that Ramadan is ended and Bhaijaan will finish Ajay. This conversation gets taped by Ayesha's little sister. Ajay gets surrounded by henchmen and knocks each one but interrupted by Bhaijaan. Just before Bhaijaan is about to kill Ajay, the former says he is a lover and will die once. This made Bhaijaan save Ajay. The reason was Bhaijaan had a brother Irfan who committed suicide because Bhaijaan didn't care for his love feelings.
During Eid ul Fitr Bhaijaan thanks Allah for giving a boy like Ajay in turn of his deceased brother and decides to help him. The very day, Ajay arrives to the Verma's mansion within 24 hours and decides to stop the wedding of Raman and Ayesha. Bhaijaan, who has a change of heart and helps him but soon interrupted by Chhote. Chhote disobeys Bhaijaan and soon a fight ensues. Bhaijaan requests Ajay to go but he is beaten up badly. Ajay, interrupts wedding and points gun on Verma. Soon Ajay and Ayesha get married. Just about Verma is about to kill Ajay, Mini plays the tape of the deal to her father and soon Chopra and Raman are kicked off. Bhaijaan kills all the henchmen and finally slits Munna and Chhote with a sword. The film ends on a happy note with Ayesha and Ajay are united and Bhaijaan reconciles with Ajay.