Uyire Unakkaga

Running away from its fantastically wealthy but selfish father, king Vijayaragunath Boobapathy (Vijayakumar) and Asha Devi (Sangeeta), his new partner especially, Vijayanirmala Devi, (Nadhiya), princess and unique heiress, hides her real identity, by claiming to be Uma, a distant cousin, with Bâlumurali (Mogan), at random with a meeting, when she is welcomed within her humble but happy family led by the mother of the latter, soft and sweet Abhirami (Sujatha), also consisted of its old older brother Murugesan (' Meesai ' Murugesan) a bus conductor, of both sisters of the young man (Bâlu), Kantchana, the girl, Sulochana, the biggest and Râmu. While all this small world is waltzing in a dream, a night, Abhirami believes to have poisoned his children when she notices that a lizard is flooded in the bowl of milk which she has just given them. Discouraged, she drinks the rest. It turns out that the small reptile fell later. Saved at the last minute, the family surrounds with their love the convalescent … Meanwhile, the monarch ordered to a group of motorcyclist to find his daughter, in any discretion. But in front of their failure, he calls on to the police … Meanwhile, Bâlu and Uma fell in love. Abhirami, informed, is delighted at it as well as the rest of the family. while the preparations for the marriage get organized, the men of the sovereign get closer inexorably to the princess … The unexpected arrival of Kadhéresan (V.Gopalakrishnan), the father of the "real" Uma, puts in nude the truth on Vijayanirmala, castting a chill on Bâlu, feeling deceived since the beginning. So all the family distances itself from the princess. Suffering from this situation, Vijayanirmala lets die himself until Bâlu intervenes and he made understand that he always loves her. Their reunions are shortened because Abhirami, sick person of the heart since the death of her husband, is at the moment in a critical state and could be killed if she is not immediately operated. It is necessary to gather a very strong sum of money. Bâlu and his uncle Murugesan are actively used to it. This is when in the newspaper, an important reward is offered to whom would give information onto the disappeared princess. Sulochana emits the idea to denounce Vijayanirmala, who is immediately, reprimanded by Bâlu and so by Abhirami who prefers to die that to send back of his son' s lover. In the greatest secrecy, Vijayanirmala makes a decision: to surrender to his father in exchange for the operation of Abhirami, to take all the hospitable expenses at his under his responsibility. On the way, she finds Bâlu, saying to him farewells without he suspects nothing. Vijayaragunath keeps his promise. The successful operation. Vijayanirmala leaves also besides of the family, not without sheding tears. She leaves in helicopter with his father Bâlu who arrives at the hospital, is informed. While he tries to catch up them, in motorcycle, he is violently taken to party by the men of king who thrash him and leave for dead him. Bâlu, in a last effort, gets up and begins to run behind the aircraft, desperately. The monarch, in the view of this distressing show, cannot refrain from ordering to the pilot to land, in the happy bewilderment of his daughter, Vijayanirmala. From the opening, she runs on the meeting of Bâlu and they embrace.