Premam

The film opens in the year 2000, where Vikram (Naga Chaitanya), is shown to be a shy and modest young man who loves Suma (Anupama Parameswaran) who, unfortunately for Vicky, is loved by all the boys in the area. After a desperate attempt to write a love letter, Vikram is unable to give it to Suma due to her strict militarian father (Prudhviraj). He later gives the letter to his neighbour, a young girl, who is seen to be continuously hanging around Suma, to give it to her. Suma soon starts getting closer to Vicky, even coming to visit him at his home. However, he is shocked when he learns that she is already in love with another man, and only wanted help from Vicky to be able to communicate with her lover. Despite his friends and family trying to tell him that she is merely using him to achieve what she wanted, Vicky open-heartedly helps Suma whenever she needs help, showing his love for her.
In the second phase of his life, circa 2005, Vicky is a thug student in college, who goes around making trouble with his friends, Vasu (Praveen) and Siva (Chaitanya Krishna). After getting suspended for 2 months after beating their rival group led by Arjun (Noel Sean), they re-enter the college only to start ragging on the very first day. They apprehend a Marathi-Tamil lecturer, Sithara (Shruti Hassan), assuming her to be a student. She lets them go, but later punishes them when she finds out they were consuming alcohol in the class. Vikram begins to fall in love with Sithara. Meanwhile, the P.E. coach (Brahmaji) fails attempting to help lecturer Kantha Rao (Narra Srinu) to fulfil his love for Sithara. Vikram tricks both of them and slowly begins getting closer to Sithara. Later, he even begins calling her on phone. However, he feels scared when Sanjay (Arvind Krishna), Sithara's cousin, shows up, and expresses closeness to her. Realising he is feeling jealous, Sithara tries to get closer to him, eventually reciprocating his feelings. After celebrating Gudi Padva together, They both realise that they are in love with each other. After joining their annual day functions for a dance performance, Vicky and his friends are unable to get a good choreographer. Sithara, revealing she is a state level dancer, volunteers to help them, and they win the dance contest. Sithara is soon forced to go on a month leave to her hometown. A month later, however, it is revealed that her bus met with an accident, rendering her amnesiac, forcing her to leave the college. Vikram leaves to her hometown with his friends, but is heart-broken when she fails to recognise him, even after he shows her a bracelet she made specially for him.
11 years later, 2016, Vicky is one of the top chefs of Hyderabad, unfortunately still single with haunting memories of Sithara. He spends time with the manager of his restaurant, E.K. (Srinivasa Reddy). One night, he happens to meet Sindhu (Madonna Sebastian), who later reveals him that she is the young girl to whom he had asked to deliver Suma's letter, revealing she did not deliver but instead read it. Initially taking it as rude, Vikram forgives her and begins to spend time with her, eventually falling in love with her. He befriends Arjun at Arjun's bachelor party, and on the suggestion of his friends, decides to propose to her without further delay. However, she reveals him that she has a previous engagement, forcing Vicky to react violently. After ignoring her for days, he finally gives her a chance to speak, and she reveals the marriage was cancelled after her fiancé, Ravi substance abused her. After attempting to make peace with him over the phone, Ravi swears at Vicky, forcing him and his friends to bash Ravi. They convey social and economical reasons for their beating him and tells him they misunderstood him for a conductor. However, he reveals that he understood who they are, with an angry Vicky throwing a ball at him, causing him to fall off the building and land in a garbage box, fractured and unconscious. Vicky and Sindhu get married. Sithara and her present-husband Sanjay come to meet them after being invited by Vasu on Sindhu's request. After seeing a special Shrikhand dessert present there, she recalls the same dessert Vicky made her for Gudipadava, resuscitating her memory. However, she realizes he is better off without her, and decides not to reveal anything to him.
In a post-credits scene, it is shown that the reason for Vicky's restaurant's name being S-Star is that an astrologer had predicted his future wife would have a name starting from S. Vicky recalls his life in the last 16 years, recalling that each of the girls he loved had a name starting from S.