Aarathu Sinam

Aravind was a daredevil police officer who is now offduty due to his drinking habits, which he engaged in after his wife and kid were murdered by criminals who wanted to avenge him.Aravind's supervisor, Mr. Radha ravi requests Aravind to proceed with a parallel investigation in a case involving the disappearance and possible kidnapping of several young married men, since the present police team is not able to make any progress in the case. Arulnidhi refuses to this. Later, his mother (Tulsi) requests him to take up the investigation. Arulnidhi soon gets into the case files and consults the postmortem documents and the doctors who conducted it. Soon Arul nidhi is seen making breakthrough in the case. Another two kidnappings happen in the series and all this leads to Arulnidhi (Aravind)rough conclusion of the murderer. The murderer is an eccentric person and has a limp in his feet and is a person who either hates or loves women. The killer leaves certain clues inscribed by sharp surgical knife on the chest of the victims. This serves Arulnidhi's thinking of what kind of person the killer is and who is his next target. Upon careful examination of the words inscribed in the body of the victims, Arulnudhi uncovers that the words are actually Aramaic, the language that Jesus used for communication. The words are later found to point to biblical proverbs,thus helping Arul to lead to conclusions that the killer is insane and that he assumed that the victims gave up their lives for the sins committed by their respective wives. He soon figures out that the wives of the kidnapped husbands have links and they all had to do with a guy who studied with them certain years back. There was absolutely no evidence of such a person. During all these scenes, Arul realizes that there is one last target and the killer will not miss this and he will disappear after that. He eventually finds out that the next target is his own brother, and his brother's wife is the last link in the connection. Arul finds out with the help of his colleague and other evidences that the killer has a property . The film ends with Arul using his presence of mind, apprehending the murderer (like how Alex Cross gets the killer in Kiss the Girls movie) and saving his brother's life. The story of this movie is adapted from Blake Pierce's novel Before He Kills.