Fireman

The movie starts off with Narendan Achari (Salim Kumar) at a shop with his daughter who has been treated with brain tumour. He is distracted for some time during which his daughter goes missing. In a frenzy he rushes to the nearest police station but is frustrated at their lack of efforts at finding her.
Same day, fire man Lakshmanan Pillai (P. Sreekumar) has his send off from service. Later Achari is seen driving away in his car and causing an accident making an LPG tanker topple on the road. There are casualties and the police and the fire force arrive and try to contain the situation. However, the tanker springs a leak and a police officer inadvertly causes an explosion despite Pillai's best efforts to thwart this. Pillai is wounded in the ensuing explosion destroying his lower body. Fire man Vijay (Mammooty) appears heroically to the scene and takes over the reins of the disaster avertment. Vijay and the police force clashes as to what action plan to take. Later Vijay is given full reins of the project. Some time later Achari appears and threatens to light up the area if his daughter is not found within two hours. Vijay tries to calm him, blaming the police for humiliating him. Later, residents at jail comes to know of the gas leak and shouts to get out. The police with the help of Iqbal calms them down. A refinery technician who checks the tanker finds that the screws were not properly connected to the truck. Simultaneously the police gets information that the tanker drivers have gone missing. Vijay predicts that the tanker accident was pre planned by a man identified as Achari, to break his criminal friend out of the central jail. However the force is left with no option but to vacate the jail. After a series of events, Vijay locks himself in jail in order to find out who the wannabe free prisoner is, and finds the culprit successfully. He also instructs his unit to refill the LPG in the tanker to a new tanker, thus thwarting a major disaster. Next day, Vijay and his team, who are supposed to attend the funeral of their dear colleagues, get an emergency call and decide to thwart the accident. As the hero says, a commoner dialling 101 believes that a fireman would come in any problem to save him.