Battle Royale 2: Requiem

Three years after the events of the first film, the survivors of previous Battle Royales have formed a rebel group called the Wild Seven which is led by Shuya Nanahara. A class of teenagers from Shikanotoride Junior High School (鹿之砦中学校, Shikanotoride Chūgakkō) are kidnapped by the Japanese government. Instead of stereotypically studious Japanese students, these ninth graders are “a ragtag collection of delinquents and losers from all over Japan,” including tough-guy rugby players and punks with dyed hair. More importantly, many are orphans whose parents or family died in bombings by the Wild Seven. After their school bus is diverted to an army base, the students are herded into a cage, surrounded by armed guards, and confronted by their schoolteacher, Riki Takeuchi, who lays down the ground rules of the new Battle Royale game. Wild Seven is hiding out on a deserted island (filmed on Hashima Island), and instead of being forced to kill each other, as in the old Battle Royale, the students are sent off to war and ordered to attack the terrorist group’s hideout en masse and kill Shuya within 72 hours. Most of the students are not interested in being forced to avenge their families, but they are coerced to fight through exploding metal collars, which their captors can detonate by remote control. The teacher shows them a line in the caged classroom: those who wish to participate are instructed to cross the line, while those who refuse to participate will be killed. The students are put into 'pairs'; if one student dies, then his or her partner will be killed via collar detonation.
The students are sent via boats onto the dangerous island base of the Wild Seven. A number of them are killed when they were bombed, shot or their collar detonated during the journey onto the island, leaving only a cluster alive. Most notably, two of the survivors are the delinquent Takuma Aoi and Shiori Kitano, the daughter of Kitano, the "teacher" of a Battle Royale program who was killed by Shuya three years ago. Taken into the Wild Seven's base, the surviving students' explosive collars are removed and they are encouraged to help the members of the Wild Seven stop the Battle Royale for good. While most of the survivors agree, Takuma and in particular Shiori remain unconvinced. Shuya sends a video message to the world of their goal to live free. In response to the video the US fires a missile to the island, and under pressure from the US government, the Japanese prime minister takes command of the military present at the Battle Royale headquarters and orders an attack on the island base, with no survivors allowed — if they fail, the US will bomb the island. Takeuchi is enraged by the change of actions and is discovered to have the same type of collar on his neck as the students.
On Christmas Day, survivors of the base (including the surviving students, except Shiori) retreat to the mainland via a mine shaft while the war between the Wild Seven and the military occurs. Hearing the gunfire outside the tunnel, Takuma and two of his friends return to help in the fight. The combat takes numerous casualties on both sides, leaving Shuya, Takuma and Shiori as the only remaining fighters. While they try to evacuate, Takeuchi appears in a rugby uniform, and after a brief personal exchange, he allows the group to flee as he sacrifices himself. Outside Wild Seven's base the combat starts again and Shiori is mortally wounded by gunfire. Before she dies in Shuya's arms, she reveals herself as Kitano's daughter and seemingly forgives him for his past crimes. Shuya and Takuma run out to kill the rest of the soldiers while the U.S. bombardment starts. The program then ends on a voided status, listing the fates of Shuya and the surviving students as unknown.
Three months later, Shuya and Takuma rejoin the other survivors, including Noriko Nakagawa in Afghanistan. They have regrouped as friends, and what lies next for them remains open.