Phulwari

Arun meets Rajiv Mathur, the newly assigned welfare inspector of the Forest office at the station. Rajiv says that he is headed for Talpur. Arun informs him that Talpur is very far from that place and offers Arun his hospitality for that day. Rajiv arrives at his place and discovers that he is a rich person. Arun also discovers that Rajiv is carrying a flute with him. At night he requests Rajiv to play the flute. While playing the flute, they get interrupted by the sudden arrival of a beautiful young woman at his room. Arun tells her to come inside but she pays no heed to his welcome and left without a single word. He tells Rajiv that she is Lali, his younger sister. On the next day, He drops Rajiv to his allocated office.
Rajiv attends Lali's birthday party but is interrupted by Pyare, a servant at Arun's house, who informs him that a man from his provision has severely been bitten by a mad dog and immediately needs to be taken to the doctor. Just when Rajiv is about leave, Lali stalls him declaring that it is simply Pyare's job to take the wounded man to the doctor. She continues saying that this whole thing is doing nothing but spoiling her birthday party. Rajiv is stunned at Lali's rudeness and openly scolds her that she is a selfish person who does not care for anyone but herself.
Lali comes to visit Rajiv and confesses her guilt of that day. Eventually she often comes to visit him and Rajiv slowly forms an affection towards her. Lali, one day asks Rajiv whether he loves her. Rajiv initially fumbles but finally confesses to her that he is in love with her while Lali much smartly declares that she is also in love with him. Arun arranges for Rajiv and Lali's wedding. In the meantime Lali, once arrives at Rajiv's place but cannot find him there. She looks for him here and there and discovers Rajiv along with Mangli, his maid servant in a brook. Lali forms the prejudice that Rajiv has an illegitimate affair with Mangli and intends to marry her only because she is the daughter of a wealthy person. On the day of their wedding Lali fumes at Rajiv. She declares in front of everyone that she is no more willing to marry him as she thinks that he is a fraud and hypocrite.
Mangli comes to visit Lali and reveals that she accidentally fell into the brook and Rajiv luckily saved her life on the day she discovered them far from the top of the hill. A repentant Lali, once again arrives at Rajiv's place but discovers that Rajiv has left without any information about where he is headed after all. Gradually, Lali becomes dejected and to find solace she goes on a pilgrimage. Once standing on the bank of a river, she feels that her life has come to a meaningless term. She never waits a for second any more and flings herself into the river but gets saved by some of the people who were present at that moment. When she regains her consciousness, she meets an elderly woman whom she tells everything about her life. Now that woman endeavours to reinstate her faith and hope. Coincidentally Rajiv appears and it is discovered that he is the son of that woman. Lali fails to restrain her tears and falls at his feet. Rajiv forgives her and they reunite.