A United Kingdom

The film is based on the true story of the heir to the throne of Bechuanaland, Seretse Khama of the Bamangwato people, who studies law in London immediately after World War II. There he meets a white woman, Ruth Williams, whom he eventually marries, despite the protests of both their families and opposition from the British government, which is concerned about relations with South Africa and the stability of the entire region of southern Africa. The National Party government in South Africa fears that the marriage of a black king to a white woman in neighboring Bechuanaland will inspire unrest, and pressures the British government to end the marriage.
Khama's uncle, the Regent, demands that he end his marriage to Ruth, and marry a Bamangwato princess, a demand that Khama rejects. The British administrators use the dispute between the King and the Regent to argue that the marriage of Seretse and Ruth is "causing" unrest in Bechuanaland. Seretse discovers that the British have allowed a US mining corporation to prospect for precious stones, and is eager to make sure that, if anything is found, the exploitation of the country's resources should solely be done by the people of Bechuanaland.
Seretse wants his people to support him as king and manages to win their backing, while the British government decides to exile him from his own country. Meanwhile, Ruth has their baby in Bechuanaland and becomes accepted by the local people by "walking the road with them". When the British want to proclaim an administrator to the Bechuana people instead of their king, the tribe refuses to convene a meeting to do so. The prime minister, Clement Attlee, tells the backbencher Tony Benn, that Britain needs gold from South Africa and he is willing to pay any price such as attempting to destroy the Khamas' marriage to stay in the good graces of South Africa. During this time, diamonds are found and Seretse makes sure that the British government publicly declares that the Bechuana people have the sole right to exploit these resources.
Churchill promises, if he were elected in the 1951 general election, to lift the exile on Seretse; however after his victory he turns the five-year ban into a lifelong one. In London, powerful people start supporting his claim, and he also receives support from the US government. Meanwhile, apartheid develops in South Africa and begins to overshadow Bechuanaland as well. Eventually, with the help of pressure from local people, he is allowed to return to Bechuanaland and negotiates its independence from the British. Seretse shows his uncle a leaked British government document showing he is qualified to be king, and that only opposition from South Africa is motivating the actions of the British government. Post-ending text reveals that Seretse oversees the creation of present-day Botswana, and that his son subsequently becomes the country's fourth elected president in 2008. It is revealed that Ruth and Seretse are buried side by side on a hilltop overlooking Serowe village, where they had lived for the remainder of their lives.