Redline

On the planet Dorothy, human "Sweet" JP races in the Yellowline car race, the galaxy's famous final elimination race, despite two interplanetary wars, to the most popular race in the galaxy, the Redline. The crowd is watching the race on an outdoor giant monitor screen in the desert town of The Water Stop. JP's alien mobster mechanic, Joshua "Frisbee" Flathead, is watching the televised race with a mafia boss who constantly massages his gums with cocaine. The gambling boss is concerned that JP might attempt to win the fixed race but Frisbee reassures him that JP needs bail bond funds from the pay-off. JP attempts to win anyway while Frisbee resorts to using a remote detonator transmitter hidden in the palm of his hand, which the mob boss doesn't notice, causing JP's TransAM20000 to explode thereby making the 'Crab Sonoshee Sea' hovercraft, piloted by female racer Sonoshee "Cherry Boy Hunter" McLaren, the final winner.
While recuperating from the explosion in a planet Dorothy hospital, Frisbee tells JP he's off the hook with his bondsman. JP initially turns down the money but a crowd of reporters storms the hospital room where JP learns that he has been voted by popular demand for the Redline following the dropout of two qualifiers due to the revelation of the race's location as being on Roboworld—a planet dominated by militant zealot cyborgs whose President has threatened on interstellar television to hang all involved with the Redline mothership if it appears out of hyperspace over their planet. The broadcast (sent over the race's thousands of satellites) also exposes the secret weapons Roboworld has built-up against treaties.
Inside DEST Tower on Roboworld, the President asks Secretary of Defense Titan for a report about ships landing on Roboworld's moon, EUЯPSS (pronounced Europass) - a de-militarized zone that Roboworld signed away to refugees in the M-3 Nebula Federation, making it off limits to Roboworld's troops. The President obtains a verbal oath from Colonel Volton to fight to the death to protect Roboworld and the M-3 Nebula.
While the racers are staying on EUЯPSS before REDLINE under constant media coverage, Frisbee's alien junk dealer, Old Man Mole, wants to put weapons on the restored TransAM, which JP refuses despite his competitors being armed. Old Man Mole also protests the presence of Frisbee on their team and his insistence on using a rare uncontrollable hyper-powered engine, but eventually gives in to JP's convincing.
JP finds Sonoshee in the slow hours of the Oasis Restaurant on the moon. Shinkai, formerly of the Roboworld army, shows up at the Oasis when racer Little Deyzuna, a recently AWOL subordinate of Col. Volton, attacks Shinkai's partner, Trava. The Redline favorite, Machinehead, a tall menacing but ultimately well-mannered cyborg, appears, and is attacked by a sobbing Little Deyzuna, who is retrieved by Col. Volton. Machinehead confronts Volton for being in the de-militarized zone. Volton reminds the racer any Redline event will be repelled by the army and police before leaving the damaged restaurant.
Fireworks celebrations and bookmaker agent desks break out on Roboworld despite the threats from the military, and are raided by deadly android police robots. Miners on Roboworld use their power suits to sabotage the military base's power station while the Race Commission, which promotes gambling, hires Earth-native racing partners Lynchman and Johnny Boya to sabotage the Orbital Disintegration Cannon, which Secretary Titan plans to use to destroy the Redline mothership the instant it comes out of hyperspace.
While in hyperspace, the Princess from the planet Supergrass marks the race course on the military base with a pair of scout vessels, with the starting line to the north at the Knock-out Tower and the finish line to the south, east of DEST Tower. Unaware of the sabotage against the Orbital Disintegration Cannon, the President realizes the racers are on the planet after the cannon fails, and sends his troops en masse at the racers. The President becomes increasingly desperate as the racers evade them and approach the mine-laden Zone XXXXXXX (pronounced, "Seven-Ex"), lair of a secret illegal biological weapon named 'Funky Boy', who awakens from its stasis as the racers and the rebellious miners converge on it. With the several hundred foot tall Funky Boy awakening and subsequent destruction of the base coinciding with the orbital cannon coming back online, the President orders Funky Boy fired upon. The explosion takes out most of the Roboworld troops while JP pushes to right his overturned car off its side. Sonoshee, her vehicle totaled, agrees to ride with him to the finish line as Funky Boy regenerates. Funky Boy is taken out by Col. Volton, who had to dangerously merge physically with another bioweapon to do so.
Frisbee watches the race on several televisions parked atop a mesa in the mob boss's giant Cadillac hovercraft, where he revives the same deal as Yellowline. Frisbee however, refuses to detonate the explosive charge this time, wanting to see his friend win 'the big one' just one time. He is attacked by mobsters for his decision but is saved by Old Man Mole - who discovered Frisbee's sabotage - and shoots and kills the mob boss and his lackeys with a double barrel flechette firing shotgun.
As the race nears the finish line, Machinehead and JP race to the southern line boosted by their rare Steamlight boosters. As they come to a desperate neck-and-neck finish, a drunken Old Man Mole accidentally detonates Frisbee's remote detonator, propelling JP and Sonoshee towards the finish line, thrown from their vehicle. The boost is enough and JP wins by the length of his long duck tail pompadour.
As the racers rest at the end of the race amidst the ruins of Roboworld, JP and Sonoshee float back down to the ground kissing and thus declaring their love for each other. Machinehead (who vowed to win but comes in second) sees the romance and his rage turns to laughter, happy with the outcome anyway.