In Harihar Nagar

Mahadevan (Mukesh), Govindan Kutty (Siddique), Appukuttan (Jagadish) and Thomas Kutty (Ashokan) are four young men who live in the housing colony named 'Harihar Nagar.' The movie starts with an incident that takes place in Bombay, where a murder takes place for the possession of a briefcase. In the next scene the four young men make appearance with their tricks to impress young girls. A girl, Maya (Geetha Vijayan), along with her grandparents relocate to Harihar Nagar and happen to be Mahadevan's new neighbors. The four try to impress her on many occasions. One day they find her posting a letter. They bribe the postman and manage to get hold of that letter. On reading the contents of the letter, they come to know that Maya has come to Harihar Nagar to learn about the death of her brother - Sethu Madhavan (Suresh Gopi).
Maya visits the house of Andrews (Saikumar), a friend of Sethu Madhavan. She requests Andrew's mother, called Ammachi by him and his friends (Kaviyoor Ponnamma) to contact her if she gets any information about her brother. The four men meet Ammachi as Sethu's friends. They manage to get Sethu's photo by telling that they want it for the colony's sports club. Maya gets this information from Ammachi and meets the four guys. She believes them to be Sethu's friends after seeing his photo at their house. The four cook up a story about an affair Sethu had with a girl.
Hearing the news that four are the friends of Sethu Madhavan, they are kidnapped by John Honai, who wants the briefcase shown in the beginning of the movie. Maya was in search of her brother's girlfriend and she finds details of Annie Philip (Rekha), who was close to her brother from the library. Annie is now a nun in a church and adopted the name Sister Josephine. Josephine narrates about her history with Sethu when questioned by Maya. Andrew's father was a businessman who was killed by John Honai's father and he built a business empire with the money taken from Andrew's father. Andrews creates trouble in that business to take revenge. Honai's father then sells all his assets and tries to run away with that money in the briefcase, but gets killed on the way. At the beginning of the movie, they show Andrews as the murderer. Andrews hands over the briefcase to Sethu since he is being followed. Andrews is killed soon after.
Sethu comes to Harihar Nagar to give this money to Ammachi but when he gets to know that Ammachi is ignorant of Andrew's death and is still waiting for him, he gives it to Annie, who is Andrew's girlfriend. After returning to Bombay, Sethu is also killed by Honai.
The four men who were under captive by John Honai manage to escape and are on a run. Soon after Maya and her grandparents are then kidnapped by Honai but the foursome rescues them. Ammachi comes to know about Andrew's death from Sister Josephine who handover's her the briefcase. While Ammachi was cooking dinner, Honai comes to her house to get the briefcase. Ammachi removes the fuse and the lights go off. After a short game of "hide-and-seek," John lights a lighter. He goes in flames since the cooking gas was left open by Ammachi before he had entered the house.
Maya is packing her bags to leave Harihar nagar and returns to Kannur. She meets the four before leaving and hands them the briefcase as a gift. When her car leaves, the briefcase opens and the money, jewelry, everything falls out. She shouts from the car that it is for them. The film ends here when they enter back to Harihar Nagar.