Chalo Paltai

The film revolves around the relations between a father and a son. Subhomoy (Prosenjit Chatterjee), a widower, lives with his two children- Gourav (Aryann Bhowmik) and Munni (Tathoi Deb). Though poor in studies, Gourav loves cricket as a passion and is an extremely talented in it. Gourav wants to become a cricketer in future, only resulting in his father to oppose his dreams, who's wish is to see his son as something good (an engineer or a doctor). Gourav failed in the school pre-board exams and as a result, his principal did not allow him to sit for Madhyamik. Heartbroken by this, Subhomoy pleaded to the principal to give him 5 days' time, during which Gourav will prosper in studies and produce the required results. But things remain the same. One day, a violent clash occurred between Gourav and Subhomoy and in fury, Subhamoy stroke Gourav, to which he fell and his head got a severe injury after getting hit from the bed. He became unconscious and was immediately taken to the hospital, where the doctors reported that was in coma. Subhomoy, who was deeply hurt with this incident, changed his thoughts and started protesting against the educational system of the state, which pressurized children's minds and took away all their freedom needed to enjoy their childhood. He states his arguments on TV and soon becomes a local hero and the voice of thousands of common people. But the government authorities took no notice of him. Therefore, Subhomoy hatches a plan to directly talk to the Chief Minister. He ties a bomb (which later turns to be fake) with his body and manages to enter into the CM's office. He impresses the CM with his lecture on the disadvantages of the modern day education structure, to which the CM replied that he agreed that there is the need of a change and government will try to achieve it. The film ends as the doctors perform an operation on Gourav which turns out to be successful and he returns as a cricketer, hitting a century in his first cricket match.