Nallavan ( നല്ലവൻ )

The movie starts from the Kerala high court, when the police bring Kocherukkan (Jayasurya), a man who had committed two murders and escaped jail four times, but is again caught by the police. He escapes yet again with the help of his friend, and checks out his colourful memory.
Kocherukkan was a happy youth who lived an ordinary life in a quiet village somewhere in the border of Tamil Nadu and Kerala. He is in love with Malli (Mythili), an agile, adventurous, cheerful girl of 17. Both of them are orphans, and Malli has a landlord.
The tumultuous life of Kocherukkan and Malli takes a sudden change when Malli's landlord Chandrasheghara Vazhunnor (Saikumar) and his driver Devarajan (Vijayakumar) decide to get her married to his relative Chitharanjan (Suraj Venjarammood). Malli and Kocherukkan elope with the help of Shaji (Bijukkuttan) and Shangu (Anoop Chandran), Kocherukkan’s friends. They meet a guy named Kumareshan (Siddique) on the way, who tries to kidnap Malli, but Kocherukkan hits him with a stone and they flee. They reach Pollachi and start living with Murukan (Sudheesh), Kocherukkan's friend. Kocherukkan and Malli go to the registrar's office to get married but since Malli was only 17 and Kocherukkan was 20, the registrar (Kochupreman) asks them to return after a year when they are legally entitled to get married.
A year later, Kocherukkan was spotted by Kumareshan, who was the police sub-inspector of the area and he arrests Kocherukkan for his personal enmity. He puts false charges on Kocherukkan including immoral trafficking and robbery. But he runs off from the court to meet Malli and they get married. But he reports back to police the same day since police arrests Murukan instead of Kocherukkan and tortures him.
Kocherukkan is sent to the jail again. This time Malli gets to know from newspaper that Kocherukkan is a wanted criminal now. She returns to the landlord and dismisses her relation. Kocherukkan escapes from jail again and finds Malli murdered in a desert. He is arrested again with one more crime of murder. Kumareshan also traps him in another murder, this time that of Vazhunnor. In the court Kocherukkan escapes again for the fifth time, questions Malli's stepfather Narayanan (Manianpilla Raju) and understands that Kumareshan is behind his wife's murder and takes his revenge on him.