Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi

In Kerala, Kasi (Dulquer Salmaan) embarks upon a road trip. His best friend, Suni (Sunny Wayne), joins him and refuses to return even though Kasi informs him that he himself is not sure of the destination. They travel to Orissa via Bangalore and Vizag where they are attacked by bandits. However, a group of riders rescue them and Kasi and Suni join them on their journey to Puri to attend a surfing festival.
While in Puri, Kasi meets Ishita (Paloma Monappa), a surfer. She develops an attraction towards Kasi and shares her feelings. Kasi tells her that he was in love with Assi (Surja Bala Hijam), a girl from Nagaland. Nagaland is a place of political unrest and her parents were killed during the fights. Kasi takes her home to get his parents' approval to get married. However, his mom tells him of her displeasure as she does not share their culture or religion. Though his father was more supportive, he too disapproves their relationship fearing the family's social status. It is revealed that Kasi is on his way to Nagaland to win her back.
From Puri, they head to Kolkata. However, on the way, they are mistaken for bandits in a village. When they inform him that they are from Kerala, the village chief reminisces about his life as a Communist and welcomes them to stay. In the village, they help to build a machine that grinds wheat. Suni fall in love with the chief's daughter, Gowri (Ena Saha).
Beyond Kolkata, they ride further east when an unidentified truck tries to injure Suni. When their bikes get punctured, they take it to a shop which happened to be owned by a Malayalee. He reveals that he had run away from the state years ago for committing a political murder. He informs that years later he has forgotten the ideals of the party and that he yearns to go back. Kasi remembers the time in college when one of his friends was murdered by some goons due to some scuffle.
When they reach Assam, they end up in the middle of a communal riot where they rescue a little girl. Kasi begins to regret the road trip and calls his parents to inform them that he is coming back. With a new outlook on life after meeting different people and visiting different places, he decides against going back and continues the journey. As they near their destination, Suni turns back to go to Gowri and the two friends separate.
Kasi reaches Nagaland and searches for Assi. The presence of a stranger attracts the attention of local militants and they plan to attack Assi that night. Kasi meets Assi and they get back together. At night when the militants arrive at Assi's house, they find the two missing. The film ends with Kasi and Assi riding away at dawn to Tawang.