Dhenikaina Ready

Veera Narasimha Naidu (Prabhu) is a faction leader in Kurnool who raised his sister Saraswati (Seetha) with Love and Affection to make her forget the loss of their Mother. During the marriage time, she eloped with Basha (Suman), whom she loved which led the death of their Father. Thus enraged Narasimha Naidu cuts the leg of Basha which created a rift between the two families. On a case to win the property belonging to Saraswati, Basha wins the case on Narasimha Naidu after a long gap of 25 years. Seeing the sorrow of Saraswati, her son Sulaiman (Vishnu Manchu) vows to unite the two families and waits for a situation.
Meanwhile, on a suggestion by Sampangi Sastry (M. S. Narayana), Narasimha Naidu appoints his man Bangarraju (Brahmanandam) to find a great scholar to perform a Mahachandi Yagam. He contacts Agnihotra Narasimha Sastry (Amanchi Venkata Subrahmanyam) but as he was unavailable, he goes to the college where Krishna Sastry (Samrat), the son of Narasimha Sastry studies. Krishna Sastry, in a fit of rage (as his love interest Aparna is close to Sulaiman), shows Sulaiman to Bangarraju and tells him that he is Krishna Sastry but prefers to be called as Sulaiman. Though initially he refuses to accept, Sulaiman accepts that he is Krishna Sastry as this would be a Golden Chance to unite the two families. He, along with his friend David (Vennela Kishore) and a group of Bramhins (Played by Dharmavarapu Subramanyam, Master Bharath, Raghava, Kadambari Kiran, Ananth and others) goes to the palace of Narasimha Naidu.
There he manages to act well, only to be noticed by Sharmila (Hansika Motwani), the daughter of Narasimha Naidu. Though she tries to make his true colours screened (i.e. he is not a Scholar), he escapes by his wit and timing. In a unexpected situation, Bangarraju visits Krishna Sastry's home to pay Sambhavana but shockingly he finds out the truth that Sulaiman is acting as Krishna Sastry. Having a fear of getting murdered by Narasimha Naidu, he discloses the facts and wants the Yagam to be completed as soon as possible. Sulaiman, though interested in Sharmila, finds his mother's wish much important and starts playing various plans to intimate feelings on Saraswati in Narasimha Naidu's heart but all go vain. Meanwhile, Narasimha Naidu's Opponent Rudrama Naidu (Kota Srinivasa Rao) attacks Sharmila and Sulaiman saves her. Sharmila falls for him and Narasimha Naidu feels that the attack was done by Basha.
Now for Sulaiman, things go much worse as Aparna (The Daughter of Bangarraju and The girl who is loved by Krishna Sastry) returns to the palace, proposes to him, and warns him that if he refuse to love her, she would reveal the Secret. Meanwhile Sampangi Sastry, who is in deep frustation as Bangarraju made him not to perform the Yagam, wants to take revenge on him. Sulaiman plays a very clever game to hide his skin playing with the weaknesses of everyone (For example, Sulaiman calls to Bangarraju and introduces himself as Prabhas, a Telugu actor and is in love with Aparna. Poor Aparna believes it and makes her focus shifted from Sulaiman to Prabhas, which later comes to the knowledge of Bangarraju that Sulaiman acted as Prabhas etc. ). Everything goes Smooth till Sharmila tells about her proposal of marriage with Krishna Sastry to her dad and her dad sends his brothers to talk with Krishna's Parents. Sulaiman reveals his identity to Sharmila and sets to Krishna Sastry's House. There too he plays a game with the weaknesses of Krishna Sastry's Mother so that she would refer Sulaiman as her son before Narasimha Naidu's Brothers. Things get on the right path and Marriage planning activities are done in full swing.
Rudrama Naidu's Son wants to marry Sharmila so that he can torture her to the core. This plan disturbs him and Rudrama Naidu threatens Narasimha Sastry to Leave her or else his son aka Krishna Sastry would be Killed. Thus Narasimha Sastry summons Krishna Sastry and finds that he neither loved Sharmila nor he performed the Yagam. Sulaiman enters the scene, plays a game again, forces Narasimha Sastry to misrepresent Sulaiman as Krishna Sastry at that place. Sulaiman makes Narasimha Naidu to invite Saraswati for the marriage and Basha says that he would come to the marriage only for Sharmila. Thus when the family along with Sulaiman visits the temple, Rudrama Naidu attacks Narasimha Naidu's family and Sulaiman makes a call to Basha that he is attacked. Basha reaches there with his men and in an emotional Juncture, he saves Nrasimha Naidu's family and Nrasimha Naidu saves Saraswati. After knowing the truth that Sulaiman acted as Krishna Sastry, he asks about the reason for the fraud and Sulaiman tells that it was to unite the two families. Thus the two families unite and Sulaiman marries Sharmila.