Cousins

Sam (Kunchako Boban), Joji(Indrajith Sukumaran), Pauly (Suraj Venjaramoodu), Tony (Joju George) are cousins. During Sam's wedding all of them are at the church. When the priest asks Sam whether he wants to marry the girl he says no and that he want to marry Annie who was his old love but married to another man. The bride felt betrayed gets out of the church. The cousins consulted a psychiatrist and they told him that Sam had met with an accident during his Engineering Studies, and he lost his memory of the past 6 years. To regain his memory, the Doctor advices Sam's cousins to take him to a journey. So they travel through the places where Sam had traveled before losing his memory. During the journey they reach a carnival. Some anonymous people began a fight with them. All of them identifies Sam from long ago, and tells him to bring back Arathi but Sam does not remember Arathi, so they tell excuses about bringing Arathi. Later they met a girl named Malika(Nisha Agarwal) who is the elder sister of Arathi. After meeting Malika Sam reigns his memory and tells his cousins that he knowns Malika. So they go to Malika and ask her if she knows Sam. She tells them that some years ago he had come to the palace and had met her sister Arathi and that they fell in love. But the royal family didn't accept their love and so they tried to run away from that palace. Several henchmen chased Arathi and Sam down through a brook and they jump into the waterfall. It then seems that Joji knew everything and he begins saying that he knew Arathi and he was the one who admitted Sam in the hospital after the waterfall jump both of them had escaped with minor injuries. While fleeing to meet Joji down in the valley, they find the henchmen chasing them and they try to escape in a coracle. Sam ask Arathi to sit inside it and tries to unhook as he was about to get in the henchmen attacked him and the coracle moves on. It is also revealed that the girl who Sam was to marry was Arathi and that he did not recognise her during the wedding. So Pauly and Tony ask Joji to bring back Arathi to Chandragiri he says no because on the day when the tried to kill Sam they didn't try to save Arathi. Joji thought that there was someone behind it and knew Sam could only answer it and wanted him to remember everything. So he tells everything to Mallika and makes a plan to elope with Mallika and his cousin at first Sam hesitates but later he agrees to it. So when they were chasing them again Sam remembers everything and begins to hit Mallika's brother and tells them that he was behind the motivation on not saving Arathi because if Arathi dies Mallika can become the princess and he can be the scion. They then bring Arathi and tells her elder brother not to punish him and the last scene shows Arathi's and Sam's wedding, meanwhile the Gounder who was deeply in love with Malika since childhood tells Joji that him, Tony and Pauly can now watch Malika and him marry but Joji tells him that she is pregnant with his child which is the climax.