Settai

Journalist Jayaganthan aka J.K. Boss (Arya), photographer Nagaraj (N. Santhanam) and Cheenu (Premgi Amaren) are roommates leading an unkempt and debt-ridden life in a shoddy apartment. J.K.'s ditsy fiancée, Madhumita (Hansika Motwani), is an air hostess who agrees to deliver a package for Richard (Ashwin Mushran) to Somayajulu (Nassar), without realizing its contents or that Somayajulu is a gangster. Madhumita asks J.K. to deliver the package. J.K., in turn, asks Nagaraj to do so. But Nagaraj is unable to do so as he is experiencing diarrhoea after eating Ileana Chicken from a roadside eatery. Nagaraj hands Madhumita's package to Cheenu for delivery to Somayajulu, along with a package containing his stool sample for delivery to Nagaraj's doctor. Cheenu mixes up the two packages which makes Somayajulu furious and he starts the investigation by interrogating Vladimir.
Meanwhile, Nagaraj photographs his landlord with a prostitute. He sends an envelope with the photographs to his landlord to blackmail him. J.K. is with Madhumita, and his colleague Shakthi (Anjali) calls him on the pretext of work. When he reaches the place, he realizes that it is just a party and Shakthi called him just to have fun. Rajeev, who was supposed to be Shakthi's husband, sees them together and gives J.K. a black-eye in a fit of jealousy. J.K. retaliates and knocks Rajeev out. As J.K. and Shakthi leave, they are chased by a furious Rajeev and his friends who shoot at them. The duo barely manages to escape.
Richard informs Somayajulu that the mix-up must have been caused by Madhumita as she didn't know what she was carrying in the package. Somayajulu calls Madhumita, informs her about the mix-up and asks her to give him the address of the person who had delivered the package. When J.K. arrives into his apartment, he walks into Somayajulu, who has Cheenu standing on a stool with a noose around his neck. On a very hard interrogation, Somayajulu discovers the mix-up and realizes that the package must be with Nagaraj's doctor.
Nagaraj gets the package from his doctor's office, where in Somayajulu finds his thirty diamonds hidden inside. Upon recovering his booty, he orders his henchmen to kill the three roommates. One of them is about to shoot J.K., when another kicks the stool on which Cheenu was standing to hang him. Luckily for the roommates, the ceiling of the apartment caves in, since it can't take Cheenu's weight. The cave-in injures and knocks-out Somayajulu and his men. J.K., Cheenu and Nagaraj escape along with the diamonds and spend the night at Shakthi's place. The next day they sell the diamonds to a local jewellery store.
As the roommates prepare to get out of town with the money, they get a call from Somayajulu, who has kidnapped Madhumita. He threatens to kill her, if they don't return the diamonds. The trio, try to buy back the diamonds from the jewelry store, who demands a double payment for the sale amount.
Without the money, J.K. comes up with a plan. Nagaraj, Cheenu, J.K. and Shakthi disguise themselves as a couple of burglars and go back to the jewelry store. They con the owner, gag him and forcefully take back their diamonds and return his money. They make their get-away in J.K.'s car with the police on their tail and make their way to the hotel where Somayajulu is holding Madhumita. As they are about to make the exchange with Somayajulu, the police arrive at the hotel room. There is a shoot-out between the police and Somayajulu's gang.
Nagaraj, Cheenu, J.K and Madhumitha, who have hit the floor during the gunfight, are left as the only sole survivors. Shakthi is upset to learn about J.K.'s engagement and walks away from him. J.K. breaks off his engagement to Madhumitha. Later, it is revealed that Nagaraj did not return the cash to the jewellery store owner, and had kept the money for himself. The film ends when Shakthi comes to the roommates' apartment to return J.K.'s car's hubcap lost while escaping from Rajeev. J.K. jumps into her car through the open window and kisses her passionately.