Ninnu Kori

On the day of her first wedding anniversary, Pallavi (Niveda Thomas), under the pretext of running errands for their party, travels to Los Angeles from her home in San Francisco without the knowledge of her husband Arun (Aadhi Pinisetty) to meet Uma (Nani), her former lover.
One and a half years ago in Vizag, Pallavi is a student who wishes to make a recording of a dance performance so that she can show it to her family post marriage. However, a lack of natural talent forbids her from doing so. Uma Maheswara Rao, a young statistics student, is an orphan whose godfather Murthy (Tanikella Bharani), happens to be the principal of his institution. Uma wishes to pursue a PhD in his subject and settle in life. Pallavi happens to spot him dancing at a friend's wedding and requests him to teach her. Uma agrees seeing the large fee she offers as he is in need of money. He helps her, not only with her dancing, but also with other issues, including driving away a bully who torments her. Pallavi wins a dancing competition and the two realize they are in love with each other.
Pallavi tactfully clears the penthouse her family owns so that Uma can stay in the same house as her. Uma starts giving tuition classes in the penthouse and earns the money he requires. When Pallavi's family starts looking for marriage alliances, she requests Uma to elope with her, and he reluctantly agrees. However, a chance encounter with Pallavi's father, Chandramouli (Murali Sharma), makes Uma realize that he is ineligible to marry her, and requests Pallavi to allow him to go to New Delhi and get a PhD, thereby securing a future for both of them. Pallavi allows him tearfully, and he leaves for Delhi. For the next few months, she continuously ignores Uma, who keeps trying to contact her. She is soon approached for marriage by Arun's family, and her family agrees. When Pallavi contacts Uma, she realizes that she is not ready to take the guilt if he blames her later on for the failure in his career, and unwillingly gets married to Arun. An year later, Pallavi is contacted by Prof. Murthy who informs her that Uma has gone into depression and is now an alcoholic. He is on the verge of being fired by his firm in Los Angeles and is ruining himself. Feeling responsible, Pallavi travels to meet Uma.
Back in the present, Pallavi tells Uma that she is happily married to Arun and does not wish to go back with Uma. Uma objects saying she still loves him and is leading an unhappy life. Back in San Francisco, Pallavi tells Arun about her encounter and tells him they should call Uma to their house for 10 days so he can see how happy they are. She contacts Uma, who tells her that if he fails to see love between her and Arun, she would have to go away with him. Pallavi, initially hesitant, agrees. Uma lands in San Francisco, and immediately strikes an awkward relationship with Arun. He repetitively irks the couple and mocks their relationship, which annoys Pallavi. However, Arun's colleagues take a liking to Uma, whose pessimistic nature offends a few other people. This is soon disrupted when Chandramouli and his son-in-law, Lovababu (Prudhviraj), unexpectedly land in San Francisco. Uma is introduced as Arun's old classmate, and is made to promise Pallavi that he would not reveal his actual reason of being there. Chandramouli reveals to Uma that the daughter of his friend committed suicide after having been married off to a man she doesn't love instead of her lover. He had come to know on the wedding day that Pallavi had a lover from Kavita (Vidyullekha Raman), Pallavi's best friend. Doubting that Pallavi is unhappy with her marriage, he came to San Francisco to find her former lover so that he could get them married if she wanted. Uma, realising his advantage, indirectly begins to coax Chandramouli and Lovababu into finding the truth themselves. When Kavita is interrogated, she covers up with a fake story saying that the lover is married and Pallavi herself tells her father that she is happy. They all go for a trip to Santa Monica for Arun's business meeting. There Pallavi discovers that Arun is having an affair after seeing him hug another girl secretively in the parking lot. Chandramouli too finds out about Uma from a phone call with Arun's father and Kavita. Pallavi confronts Arun, who lies to her again, confirming to her his infidelity. She confides in Uma, who believes she now hates Arun and wishes to be with him instead. However, when Chandramouli tells Uma that he wishes to get Pallavi married to Uma a few days later, he tells Chandramouli about his encounter with Arun. Having been an introvert since childhood, Arun's first friend was Christie, who he met during his MBA. Her attitude towards him makes him feel he has found a best friend. She unexpectedly proposes to him one day, and he rejects her replying that he has never seen her in that way. He begins to avoid her and soon finds out she is now a drug addict, and has attempted suicide. His guilt persuaded him to allow Pallavi to call Uma, as he believed Uma too was heading in Christie's direction.
Uma realizes that even though Pallavi can still be his, it is only right that she stays with Arun. He forces Chandramouli and stages a play where he himself looks like a negative person to Pallavi, and coaxes her into realizing Arun's honesty. Arun prepares to leave the house, believing Pallavi would be happy, but she does not allow him to do so, and they clear up their misunderstanding with Arun telling Pallavi that he loves only her. As they embrace at their reunion, Uma is heartbroken and walks out of the house, crying and shattered. An year later, he arrives in Vizag and meets Pallavi and Arun, who now have a daughter, and reveals he has come to meet a girl he met online, hoping to settle and get married.