Njandukalude Nattil Oridavela

Sheela Chacko (Shanthi Krishna) has a doubt that she is developing cancer after finding a lump on her body. She discloses this to her husband Chacko (Lal) and they contact their eldest son Kurien Chacko (Nivin Pauly), settled in London, and force him to come back home, still without disclosing the secret. Kurien misunderstands that it was his marriage matter.
Chacko and Sheela decide to go for a checkup at Dr. Saiju (Saiju Kurup)'s oncology clinic at Aster Medcity in Kochi, where Dr. Saiju tells them to come back after a few days when the results are available. Meanwhile, Kurien meets his old friend Subbu (Krishna Shankar) with whom he planned a supermarket chain but Subbu ending up being a supermarket owner on his own. A few days later, Dr. Saiju tells Sheela that she has Stage II breast cancer, but there isn't a problem and she can undergo chemotherapy. They realise they have to disclose the matter to the whole family, including Kurien, daughters Sarah (Ahaana Krishna) and Mary (Srinda Arhaan), and son-in-law Tony Edayady (Siju Wilson).
Everybody in the family goes gloomy and they agree for chemotherapy sessions including a lump removal surgery. In one of the chemotherapy sessions, as Chacko was petrified about going with Sheela, Kurien goes instead and there he meets Rachel in a funny situation. They then get to know each other and also that they have similar situations.
They meet occasionally and Rachel tricks Kurien by asking whether he wants to be her boyfriend. Kurien agrees but then he comes to know that she just tricked him and decides not to marry. Meanwhile, Sheela starts losing her hair as a side effect. So, she trims her head and temporarily quits her lecturing job. So, they decide to conduct Sara's engagement. At that occasion, Sara asks if Sheela has the confidence to go through the disease. Then Kurien explains a story about her during the Gulf War in 1990. Iraqi soldiers invaded Kuwait and they somehow escape to India via Jordan without her confidence going down even by a little bit.
One day, she develops a fever and the children take her to the hospital thinking it as serious. But, she comes out fine and Kurien goes to home alone where 'Appachan' (Grandfather) was alone. He asks for a piece of orange but as Kurien was obsessed with Lays, he decides to give him some Lays. As he bursts open the Lays packet, simultaneously the room blacks out with a deafening sound. 80-year-old Appappan dies instantly as his eardrum bursts. After that the family plans for a trip to Kodaikanal and when they reach there, Kurien gets a call from the doctor. He smiles after attending the call, signifying that Sheela has been cured of the disease. The following scenes show flashbacks where each family member cried behind closed doors, hiding their tears from Sheela. The last scene of the movie shows Kurien crying and when Sheela calls him, he wipes his tears and goes.