Parinda

Kishen (Jackie Shroff) and Karan (Anil Kapoor) are brothers who grew up alone on the streets of Mumbai. To provide Karan with a better upbringing and education, Kishen joins Anna Seth (Nana Patekar), a gangster. Anna owns an oil factory, which is a front to cover up his illegal activities. Karan, unaware his brother is working for a gang, returns to Mumbai after completing his studies abroad. Inspector Prakash (Anupam Kher), Karan's friend, is aware of Anna's illegal activities and tries to arrest him, but fails due to lack of evidence. Anna plans to kill Prakash when he and Karan meet after Karan's return to India. Knowing this, Kishan books Karan a seat on a flight to Delhi to avoid involving him in this situation, but the flight is delayed and Anna's henchmen shoot Prakash, who dies in Karan's arms.
Paro (Madhuri Dixit), Prakash's sister, holds Karan responsible for her brother's death. Through Iqbal (Sameer Kharkar), a previous messenger of Anna, Karan discovers Anna is a criminal who killed his own family, since then he is afraid of fire. Karan also discovers Anna is Prakash's murderer and Kishan works for him. Kishan also briefs Karan about Anna's rivalry with Musa (Tom Alter). Karan tells Paro Anna and his brother killed Prakash and he was unaware about it. Later, Karan recognises Abdul (Suresh Oberoi) as one of Prakash's killers and decides to testify against him. Kishan warns Karan that if he does not back off, he will die. When Anna's men arrive and shoot at Karan, Kishan is shot and wounded in the crossfire and is treated by a nurse. During testimony at the police station, Abdul tells Karan that if he testifies, the nurse treating his brother will kill him. Karan leaves in fear of his brother's life. He later joins Anna's gang. Anna, testing his resolve, tells Karan to kill Iqbal. Iqbal shoots himself so Karan can execute his plan without any guilt.
Later, Anna orders Karan to kill Musa and sends Francis (Shiv Kumar Subramaniam) to escort him. Karan kills Francis instead and joins Musa. Rama Reddy (Kamal Chopra) is kidnapped and taken to Mussa, who offers him work. Karan takes pictures of Rama and Musa together and shows it to Anna, telling him Rama shot Francis. Karan then kills Rama on Anna's orders. With the help of Musa, Karan eliminates Abdul, finishing all the three of Prakash's killers. Karan and Paro get married and decide to leave the city and settle in their old village. Anna goes out to kill Musa, believing Musa killed his men, but Musa tells Anna it was Karan all along. Karan and Paro are killed by Anna on their wedding night. Kishen kills Anna in revenge for his brother's death.