Thalli Prema

Kesava Rao (N. T. Rama Rao) President of a village, is the well-respected person by the entire village, he has a happy family with his wife Seeta (Savitri) and his younger brother Venu (Ram Mohan). Venu loves and respects his brother and sister-in-law more than his parents. Kesava Rao is always busy with village activities and doesn’t have any time to spend with Seeta who suffers, as a result, they do not have children. Viswaroopam (Nagabhushanam) is a Kirana Store owner who sells cheap quality products harming the villagers. Kesava Rao opens a government store to provide better goods. Since that hurts Viswaroopam & his wife Bhadramma (Chaya Devi) and they develop enmity against him. Bhadramma always insults Seeta as she doesn‘t have children. Venu loves Lalitha (Kanchana), the daughter of Viswaroopam and they get married. Lalitha is a very good girl who lacks the bad qualities of her parents. Lalitha and Seeta live like own sisters. Kesava Rao aspires to Lalitha’s behavior and all of them live happily. Seeta & Lalitha becomes pregnant at the same time, Seeta gives birth to a male child, Lalitha’s child dies at birth. Meanwhile, Venu goes to bring medicines and does not know the matter. The doctor says there is a risk to Lalitha’s life so Kesava Rao and Seeta secretly give their child to save Lalitha’s life. After some time, there arise misunderstandings in the family due to the child. Venu and Lalitha leave the house with the child after they come to words of Viswaroopam. He plays a trick; they insist Venu ask for his share in their property. Lalitha prompts him to agree which hurts Kesava Rao and he gives up the entire property to Venu and wants to leave the village. Meanwhile, the baby gets hurt and loses a lot of blood, immediately it is required Venu & Lalitha's blood group does not match and Seeta comes forward to give the blood but Viswaroopam & Bhadramma obstructs her way then doctor reveals the truth where Venu & Lalitha realize their mistake and give back the child. Finally, all misunderstandings removed they live happily.