Naa Peru Shiva

Jeeva (Karthi) is a typical Chennai youngster. His father, Pragasam (Jayaprakash), a call taxi driver, shows love and affection on him. They lead a simple life and derive happiness in whatever they do. One day, Jeeva comes across Priya (Kajal Aggarwal) at the wedding of their mutual friend. The two fall for each other. He doesn't tell her about his feelings and knows that she likes him. He plays hard to get until their mutual friend tells Priya about Jeeva's infatuation. Jeeva tries to make her become more independent. One day he goes up to Priya's father against her pleas and tells him of their love. Jeeva eventually secures a job as that is one of the requirements for him to marry Priya. Eventually Priya becomes acquainted with Jeeva's family and is accepted as the future bride.
When all seems to go well, a murder attempt on Pragasam disturbs everything. Pragasam had witnessed a girl being taken by a group of teenagers in his taxi. The girl is raped and killed. To get rid of the body of the girl and her boyfriend, they hack both the bodies into small pieces and dumps them in random dump-yards in the city. When the police accidentally recovers the head of the girl from a dump yard, it is reported on TV. Pragasam suspects that the head recovered might belong to a girl who was taken by guys who boarded his taxi. So he decides to knock on the doors of justice and confirms to the police that the girl in his taxi and the murdered girl are the same. Sensing trouble, the teenage gang plans to murder him as he has seen their faces. So they go to Pey Babu (Ramachandran Durairaj), the uncle of one of the teenagers, a local criminal who is adept at coming up with plans for murdering people. They conduct reconnaissance of Pragasam and their home. They also come to know about the upcoming marriage of Jeeva's sister when Pey Babu, under the guise of delivering a pamphlet, takes a good look at Jeeva's family. Pey Babu assumes that Jeeva's family has to venture outside their home for wedding arrangements. The gang follows Jeeva's family to a wedding card shop where the gang hears the owner of the shop asking Jeeva and his father to come back in a couple of days to collect the printed cards. Now that Pey Babu knows the exact location and time of where Pragasam is going to be, he comes up with a detailed plan for a murder. When Jeeva and Pragasam return to the shop after two days, the gang starts a commotion in the crowded street and in the ensuing confusion, one of the teenage gang members stabs Pragasam with a piece of a poisoned glass shrapnel.
During the murder, Jeeva notices and identifies one of the teenage gang members as he looked like the same person that Pragasam described during the previous investigation of the girl's murder. The death of Pragasam shatters Jeeva. The investigation of Pragasam's murder brings the police to Jeeva's home where they ask him whether he had seen any suspicious person in his neighborhood in the days before Pragasam's murder. Jeeva denies seeing any suspicious person although he later reveals to his friend, Ravi (Soori) that he indeed has seen Pey Babu delivering pamphlets to his home and during his father's murder. When Ravi inquires why he did not say anything to the police, Jeeva replies these teenagers do not deserve a police investigation and a court trial. The heinous crime they committed, hacking a girl into pieces, deserves much harsher punishment indicating that he is going to personally punish the gang not just because they killed Pragasam but because of the heinous and psychopathic nature of their crimes. He sets out on a mission to identify the culprits and goes running around the town baying for their blood.
Jeeva seeks the help of his friend Kutti Nadesan (Aruldoss), a Chennai gangster, who Jeeva got acquainted with in the past. Kutti Nadesan with his influence asks his gang to bring all the guys who plans for a murder in Chennai, so that Jeeva can identify him. It turns out there are only four people who can plan for a murder in Chennai including Pey Babu. Nadesan interrogates the first person in front of Jeeva. The next is Pey Babu, but Jeeva gets distracted, but turns back just in time to look at Pey Babu and identifies him as the person who delivered pamphlets to his home days before Pragasam's murder. Now a chase ensues and Jeeva successfully captures and subdues Pey Babu. Now, Jeeva coerces Pey Babu into taking him to where the teenage gang is. Both Pey Babu and Jeeva goes to the road in front of the college where the five teenagers study. But before he can get hold of them, the gangs gets alerted and start a commotion by throwing cool drink bottles in the crowd. In the ensuing melee, Pey Babu gets stabbed by one of the teenage gang members and Jeeva gets a clear look at the teenagers who stabbed Pey Babu. So Jeeva chases him and beats him senseless . But the teenager is killed by a train when he tries to escape the clutches of Jeeva. Jeeva subsequently goes to the dead teenager's funeral hoping that his friends will come there. The gang arrives, but sees Jeeva before he sees them .
They leave the funeral and to get drunk goes to one of the beaches, which coincidentally is the same place Nadesan returns after going to the sea. The teenage gang argues among themselves how their friend was killed by Jeeva and how they should avenge him. At the same time, Jeeva calls Nadesan on his cell phone to use his influence to investigate about the friends of the dead teenager. The gang, while arguing starts shouting, which distracts Nadesan and looking at them, Nadesan asks Jeeva about on what the teenage gang looks like. Sensing that Jeeva's description matches the teenage gang on the beach, Nadesan goes to inquire them while giving his phone to another one of his group to give Jeeva, the directions to the beach. During the inquiry, Nadesan confirms the killers and the gang on the beach are the same, but before he can do anything the teenage gang clubs one of Nadesan's group and runs into a nearby area with many dilapidated houses. Nadesan and two of his group grabs weapons and goes after them but they are killed easily as they are outnumbered by the four teenagers, who hide and attack and finish them off one by one. Jeeva arrives just a few minutes late to see that Nadesan and his group slaughtered.
Now it is up to Jeeva to face four teenagers armed with blades and avenge his father's death. What follows is an intense, gut wrenching fight for survival between the teenage gang and Jeeva. After a struggle, Jeeva triumphs over the four rapists and buries them alive on the beach.