KL Gangster

KL Gangster tells the story of two brothers Malek (Aaron Aziz) and Jai (Ady Putra) who are entrapped in the gangster world. Malek was imprisoned for years due to being betrayed by his own group's masterminded, Shark (Syamsul Yusof) who is a stepchild to the King (Ridzuan Hashim), a leader of the most influential secret societies in KL. For Malek, after his release from prison, he wants to change the perception of life and stay away from the black life as a gangster.
Routine normal life while caring for his aged mother, but as a former prisoner stigmatised by society is quite difficult for Malek at first. He is often interrupted by former gangster members who still bear a grudge with him, until the King appears, and offers help to Malek start so he can start his new life. The King had ordered his men not to disrupt Malek, which is disliked by Shark, who wants to be the next "King" in KL. In contrast, his brother, Jai, who is still alive, has continued to link himself with the gangster world.
For Jai, the material luxuries of life is everything, and believes that this can only be achieved with the black world of work, willing to do anything for money and power. To do this, Jai completes missions for Shark. Jai is the one who will step forward to help Shark in any fight or gang confrontation, quickly becoming his right-hand man. But with the emergence of Malek, Shark feels increasingly threatened, feeling challenged. With various possible ways to bring down Malek, every single plan is constantly thwarted by his stepfather, King, who often defends Malek, regarding himself and Malek as friends.
King does not enjoy the hassle of constantly thwarting Shark's attempts to get at Malek, with Shark now involving other gangster groups to get at Malek. This makes the relationship with King and Shark cold. For King, reconciling with Malek is helping and showing a good gesture towards him. For Shark, Malek causes everything wrong. With Shark ordered to remove Malek's brother, Jai, to get at Malek directly, loyalty becomes tested.