Kalyana Parisu

Baskar and Vasanthi are college-mates. A naughty girl creates misunderstanding between them, and an enraged Vasanthi complains to the college dean, who immediately dismisses Baskar. Now left homeless, Baskar however manages to get employed at a tea company, and gets to stay with his close friend Sampath. Vasanthi approaches Baskar and apologises for her cruel act. Baskar forgives her, and they both fall in love. Vasanthi lives with her mother and her elder sister Geetha who is unmarried. Baskar rents the vacant portion of their house. Over time, Vasanthi passes her exams and gets employed.
One day when Baskar falls ill, Geetha nurses him and in the process, falls in love with him. She confides her love to Vasanthi who is heartbroken, but decides to sacrifice her love for the sake of her sister. Since Geetha was responsible for raising Vasanthi, she is granted her wish, and Vasanthi convinces Baskar to marry Geetha. After Baskar and Geetha get married, they shift to Coimbatore where Baskar has been transferred. Meanwhile, Vasanthi's manager Raghu falls in love with her and expresses his desire to marry her, but she is unable to respond to his feelings.
Baskar is unable to lead a happy life in Coimbatore as he often thinks about his disappointment in love. He receives a letter from Vasanthi advising him to forget about the past and lead a happy life with Geetha, and he relents to this. Shortly thereafter, Geetha becomes pregnant and returns to her original home where she delivers a son. Raghu again meets Vasanthi and proposes to her, but she tells him her past history and expresses her inability to respond to his love. Heartbroken, Raghu leaves her and resigns from his job. Vasanthi’s mother dies and Vasanthi joins Geetha at their house in Coimbatore. When Geetha falls sick, Vasanthi attends to all the household work. Baskar spends more time with Vasanthi than his own wife, and Geetha, suspecting them of being in a relation, berates them both. Due to this, Vasanthi leaves them.
Geetha, having realised that Baskar and Vasanthi loved each other, dies in guilt, leaving Baskar alone to bring up their child, making him promise that he will find Vasanthi and make her the child's mother. He searches for Vasanthi all over the city, to no avail. Meanwhile, Vasanthi meets with an accident, but is saved by a wealthy old man who allows her to stay in his house. The man's son arrives and is revealed to be Raghu, who Vasanthi agrees to marry. Through Sampath, Baskar learns about Vasanthi's impending marriage, and rushes to the marriage hall with his son. However, by the time they arrive, Vasanthi is already married. Baskar then hands over his child to her as a wedding gift, and walks away.