Maalai Nerathu Mayakkam

The movie opens with Manoja (Wamiqa Gabbi) suffering from insomnia. Her ex-boyfriend Tarun (Sharran Kumar) tries to propose to her, after wishing her on her birthday. She genuinely refused his proposal. She moves to her room and she looks in her photo gallery where she sees the birthday celebration pictures when she had celebrated with her husband.
The plot moves a few years before, where Manoja has been refused by her boyfriend Tarun. Her reason for rejecting the relationship is because she hasn't dated him close enough and his thoughts are primarily about sex. Later, he reveals that he is moving away from her and has a crush on Reshma.
On the other side, Prabhu (Balakrishna Kola) lives with his parents. His parents were trying him get married due to his lazy appearance its get rejected. Manoja's mother (Kalyani Natarajan) who is suffering from Cancer compels Manoja and she agrees to get married.
After Prabhu & Manoja gets married Prabhu tries to impress Manoja but he fails. One day Prabhu takes Manoja to a restaurant, where Prabhu meet Manoja's ex-boyfriend causing him to suspect Manoja as to whether she had a sexual relationship with her ex-boyfriend's and he argues with Manoja. After he comes to know of Manoja's disciplined character, he apologizes. Manoja too apologizes, and both of them start dating as friends.
After 3 years passed, when Prabhu & Manoja are about to celebrate their second wedding anniversary, Prabhu invites his friends to their celebration .His friends refuse to come and give him an idea to trick Manoja into bed with him .Prabhu tries this out and gets her drunk. He tries to seduce her when dancing. But when this fails and Manoja refuses, Prabhu forcibly rapes her. After the ordeal, Manoja attempts suicide by slashing her wrist multiple times. The now sober Prabhu, admits her to a hospital.
After the recovery, Manoja applies for divorce,and they start living separately.But Prabhu is still in love with Manoja. Now the plot moves to present where 4 years have passed. Prabhu meets Manoja again. She calls Tarun again and request him to propose her. Tarun wants to have sex first, he takes Manoja to Munar. Prabhu and his Facebook friend Kamini (Parvathy Nair) also moves to same place where he tries to confess his love to Manoja.
Manoja refuses to have sex with Tarun and gets thrown out. Prabhu tries to convince her of his love to which Manoja replies that she too loves Prabhu. But she hates him because he raped her. Prabhu gives a knife to Manoja asking her to kill him, to which Manoja refuses. At last, Prabhu rips himself with the knife hoping to satisfy Manoja . Manoja starts crying thinking Prabhu to be dead. But she hears his heart beat and takes him to the Hospital.Then Prabhu recovers. Manoja and Prabhu starts living together happily. The film ends with a tag line "A true love is made up in heaven".
In a post-credits scene, Manoja cooks food for Prabhu, although the food tastes bad, Prabhu asks Manoja to bring some more. After Manoja moves to the Kitchen, he laments to the audience as to how he can eat such bad food all his life.