The Left Ear

Li Er, a 17-year-old-girl, is partially deaf in her left ear. She dreams of having someone whisper sweet nothings into her impaired left ear because it’ll “go straight to the heart". Li Er has a crush on Xu Yi, a popular guy in school who is handsome and intelligent. Instead, Xu Yi is in love with Li Bala, a bar waitress. Driven to distraction, Xu neglects his homework, which infuriates his mother to the point that she was hospitalized and eventually died.
What Xu Yi and Li Bala doesn't know is that they are all pawns in a plan devised by Zhang Yang, Xu Yi's half-brother. Zhang Yang had always hated his mother for leaving him and his father and marrying Xu Yi's father. He wanted to seek revenge against Xu Yi. One night, after seeing Zhang Yang in a basketball game, Li Bala falls in love with first sight with him. Disregarding Zhang Yang’s offhand violence and his jealous and spoilt girlfriend, Jiang Jiao, Li Bala chases after him fervently. Zhang Yang agreed to date Li Bala, on the condition that Li Bala destroys Xu Yi's reputation.
After the exams, Zhang Yang and Jiang Jiao went out for dinner with their high school friends. In a spite of jealousy from seeing Li Bala's name on Zhang Yang's phone, Jiang Jiao forces Zhang Yang to make a choice between her and Li Bala. Zhang Yang called Li Bala a slut to appease Jiang Jiao, but the moment was caught on Jiang Jiao's camcorder, which was later stolen by Hei Ren's subordinate. Hei Ren, a gangster who is in love with Li Bala, assumes that Zhang Yang is playing with her feelings, and shows the video tape to Li Bala. Unable to accept the fact, Li Bala headed to find Zhang Yang to clarify the misunderstanding. However, she unfortunately died in a car accident along the way. As she was dying, Li Bala whispered her last words into Li'er's ears, telling her to pass it on to Zhang Yang. However, because of her condition, Li Er was unable to hear what Li Bala said.
After graduation, Zhang Yang and Jiang Jiao heads to Beijing; while Li Er and Xu Yi went to Shanghai. Li Er and Xu Yi started to date, but soon broke up after Li Er finds out that Xu Yi is cheating on her. Li Er heads back to her hometown, where she chanced upon Zhang Yang, whom she eventually forgives. She chanced upon a note left by Li Bala, who wrote that she wanted Zhang Yang to be happy. Li Er decides to pass on the note to Zhang Yang, telling him that it is Li Bala's last words for him.
In the year 2013, everyone has graduated. Li Er was employed into a company co-managed by Zhang Yang and Hei Ren. Zhang Yang, who has gradually fallen in love with Li Er, whispers gently into her ears; as Li Er meets his eyes and smile...