The Divorce of Lady X

Leslie Steele, a guest at a ball at the Royal Park Hotel, is forced to stay overnight there because of thick London fog. As no rooms are available, Miss Steele talks her way into sharing a suite with Everard Logan, a handsome though somewhat stiff lawyer. All his efforts to oust her are to no avail and she even ends up talking him out of his pyjamas.
The next morning, they have breakfast together. She tells him only her Christian name, Leslie; the night before she led him to believe she was married. He insists they must meet again. While he's out of the room, dressing, she bolts, and is picked up by her family's butler.
At home, where she lives with her grandfather, a judge, while her parents are India, Miss Steele queries him about Logan and tells her grandfather she's going to marry him. She also learns that Logan will be in her grandfather's court that day.
At Logan's office, an old school friend, Lord Mere, arrives and asks Logan to represent him in a divorce case against his wife, who had also been stranded at the hotel. The story his friend tells of his wife matches what happened to Logan in every detail. Logan defends Lady Mere, until he learns Lord Mere is her fourth husband, the previous three being very declasse.
Miss Steele attends her grandfather's court that day to observe Logan in action and sees him rip a woman to shreds. In his office he interviews the Lady Mere's maid, who saw Lady Mere and the man she was with, terrified she will recognize him. Then Miss Steele shows up, and Logan rants at her about what he thinks is her past life; she plays along and he confesses to loving her, and they kiss. He immediately panics and runs back into his office and insists on hearing all the details of Lady Mere's marital career from her maid. He agrees to take the case.
Logan meets Miss Steele at a nightclub and begs her to marry him once he obtains "her" divorce. As they dance he queries her about her four husbands. They leave the club and she makes an appointment to see him at his office. At home, she tells her grandpa about the evening, and he tells her that her deception may backfire on her when Logan learns the truth.
Lord Mere shows up at Logan's office and tells him the divorce is off. Logan is disappointed, thinking his chance at love is gone. Once Lord Mere gets home his wife tosses him out when he questions her story. At his club, Lord Mere ponders Logan's parting words, "Tell your wife she's the most wonderfully clever woman in the world". Drunk, he calls Logan at 3 am, insisting he explain the comment.
Logan tells Lord Mere that he's "the man from the Royal Parks Hotel." Lord Mere is amused, and gives his blessing. At home, he also gives his blessing to his wife.
The next morning Miss Steele and Lady Mere arrive simultaneously at Logan's office. After they both simultaneouly claim to be Lady Mere, Miss Steele drags Her Ladyship off to the beauty shop, where the learn the whole story from each other. Lady Mere calls Logan, but it's Miss Steele who invites him to Mere Hall. After some doubts he accepts.
At Mere Hall, Logan arrives too late to ride out with the rest, but encounters Miss Steele and begs her to leave with him, but she rides off. That afternoon at tea, he is introduced by Lady Mere to "Miss Leslie Steele" and turns away in disgust at her deception, while her grandpa laughs.
At the cost of abandoning an important case, he flees the country, but she manages to board the same ship, finds him, and insists, rather than eloping to Paris with her, he must return and argue the case, which he does, brilliantly.