LOC Kargil

The film opens with a dramatic shot of an Indian soldier's wireless set chirping frantic commands from one of the army bases, calling a patrol to report in while the radio operator lies dead in the snow. After frantic attempts from battalions to locate their lost patrols, the Indian Army HQ in Jammu and Kashmir decides to deploy more troops. Lts. Saurabh Kalia and Amit Bharadhwaj are sent on reconnaissance patrols along the Line of Control (LoC). Lt. Kalia's patrol is wiped out while Lt. Bharadhwaj's patrol suffers heavy casualties but manages to return to their base. Pakistani forces begin shelling across the LoC, targeting National Highway 1A (NH-1A). The Indian Army decides to deploy more troops but suffer a rude shock when company and even battalion-sized patrols are beaten back by the Pakistani intruders who have occupied peaks around the Mushkoh Valley, Kargil, Dras, Kaksar and Batalik. After these terrible reverses, the decision is taken to go ahead with maximum mobilisation and move the army's best fighting units into the area of operations. However, orders from Delhi are that Indian soldiers are barred from crossing the LoC during their operations. Most mobilised battalions are completely unaware about the nature and size of the threat, thus the rationale behind maximum mobilisation is questioned by all the battalion commanders.
The first unit deployed is the 1st battalion, 11 Gorkha Rifles (1/11 GR) who are specialists in high-altitude warfare. 1/11 GR's commanding officer is Col. Lalit Rai (Sudesh Berry), and the battalion has the charismatic and brave Lt. Manoj Pandey (Ajay Devgn) leading one of its platoons. Subsequently, the 18th battalion, The Grenadiers (18 Grenadiers), which was in the Kashmir Valley guarding against terrorist infiltration, are deployed in Kargil. The battalion is led by Col. Khushal Thakur (Raj Babbar), and among the officers and soldiers are men like Lt. Col. R. Vishwanathan (Mohnish Behl), Maj. Rajesh Adhikari (Karan Nath), Lt. Balwan Singh (Akshaye Khanna), Capt. Sachin Nimbalkar (Vineet Sharma), and Grens. Yogendra Singh Yadav (Ashutosh Rana and Manoj Bajpai). 18 Grenadiers are followed by the 17th battalion, Jat Regiment (17 Jat) led by Col. Umesh Singh Bawa (Kiran Kumar) with Capt. Anuj Nayyar (Saif Ali Khan) leading one of its units. 17 Jat is followed by the 13th battalion, Jammu & Kashmir Rifles (13 JAK Rif) commanded by Lt. Col. Y.K Joshi (Sanjay Dutt) with Lt. Vikram Batra (Abhishek Bachchan) leading one of its units. Other battalions are subsequently inducted into the theatre of conflict. The Indian Air Force launches photographic reconnaissance missions in order to identify the intruders.
The first assault is by the 1/11 GR advance platoon, led by Lt. Pandey, who first capture Yaldar village and link up with a beleaguered and severely mauled company from the 3rd battalion, Punjab Regiment (3 Punjab). JCOs from 3 Punjab reveal that earlier patrols from 3 Punjab and 16 Grenadiers had gone missing in the Kukarthang sector. Lt. Pandey's platoon follow the patrol paths and launch an attack on Kukarthang post, a very heavily defended enemy position supported by mortar units and artillery batteries on the Pakistani side of the LoC. The Gorkhas capture Kukarthang after taking 9 casualties. It is later revealed that the size of the infiltration was much larger than previously thought. Indian Army planners believe that approximately 3,000 members of the Pakistan Army's Northern Light Infantry are involved.
The second battle is at the strategic Tololing mountain which sits astride National Highway 1D, the main supply route for the entire northern Kashmir sector including Siachen and Leh. 18 Grenadiers link up with a severely beaten 16 Grenadiers and get first hand knowledge of the situation. A company from 18 Grenadiers, led by Maj. Adhikari, attacks Tololing. The company is held up midway due to heavy fog; it waits for clear weather. Intense enemy shelling occurs while the men are resting, causing panic and casualties. They try to move up the mountain but are pushed down by heavy small arms fire from intruders who are well entrenched atop the feature. Subsequent attacks from the Indians are stifled by stiff resistance, and in the absence of artillery support, Maj. Adhikari and Lt. Col. Vishwanathan are killed. 18 Grenadiers make a total of 4 attempts to recapture Tololing but are repeatedly beaten back.
Meanwhile, a unit from 17 Jat lead by Maj. Deepak Rampal (Sanjay Kapoor) capture a Pakistani mortar position. They subsequently liberate an important peak, but suffer casualties. Col. Bawa tasks them to capture Pt. 4850.
18 Grenadiers are relieved by the 2nd battalion, Rajputana Rifles (2 Raj Rif), commanded by Col. Ravindranath (Ashish Vidyarthi), which moves in with an artillery battery of 110 mm field artillery and acclimatised troops. They launch a multi-pronged attack with artillery support which ends in success but at a heavy cost, with Capt. Vijayant Thapar (Amar Upadhyay), Maj. Padmapani Acharya (Nagarjuna Akkineni) and Maj. Vivek Gupta (Himanshu Malik) killed. All this happens while 13 JAK Rif stands by in case 2 Raj Rif fails. Meanwhile, the Indian Air Force launches combat sorties (Operation Safed Sagar) and bombs enemy positions.
13 JAK Rif is blooded at Rocky Knob where they take the field after suffering heavy casualties. They follow it up with another victory at Point 5140 where Lt. Batra distinguishes himself by taking the south face of the peak without any casualties and is promoted to captain.
The decisive phase of the war has come. 18 Grenadiers are assigned to take Tiger Hill, 17 Jat to Three Pimple Complex feature, 1/11 GR to Khalubar Ridge and 13 JAK Rif to Bunker Complex. After a heavy artillery barrage 18 Grenadiers take Tiger Hill, spearheaded by a daring stealth attack by the elite Ghatak section, which includes both Grens. Yogendra Singh Yadav. However, only one member of the section, Gren. Yadav (Manoj Bajpai), survives (despite being shot several times) to link up with the rest of the battalion. 17 Jat suffers heavy casualties with Capt. Nayyar and several others killed and injured, but is able to secure Three Pimple Complex.
1/11 GR link up with 22 Grenadiers at the base of Khalubar Ridge after braving an intense creeping barrage of artillery. Lt. Pandey somehow keeps the sagging morale of the weary unit up till the battalion begins its attack. The plans go awry when Col. Rai, is injured by machine gun fire. Lt. Pandey volunteers to take out the bunkers which are holding up the attack. The machine guns are taken out, but Lt. Pandey and his platoon sergeant Hav. Bhim Bahadur (Puru Raajkumar) are killed.
The last battle is fought by 13 JAK Rif at Bunker Complex. The unit gets split up - Capt. Batra is sent to link up with Capt. Nagappa (Nagender Choudhary) who has captured one bunker and is surrounded by the enemy. Batra links up with Nagappa but is pinned down himself by heavy enemy fire. He single-handedly takes out two bunkers but is mortally wounded. 13 JAK Rif pursues the fleeing enemy to the LoC but stops due to orders not to cross it. Finally, India declares Operation Vijay a success and secures all its captured heights.