Lord of Tears

James (Euan Douglas) is an average school teacher that has been estranged from his mother for years and has only returned to her home to settle her estate after her death. This somewhat baffles his friend Allen (Jamie Scott Gordon), as his own father is undergoing a serious illness and is unlikely to recover. James discovers via letters that he stands to inherit two houses from her: one small and average, the other a large mansion that he is urged to never again visit. Confused, James ignores her request and moves into the house in hopes of making sense of everything, as he cannot remember his early childhood but does vaguely remember living at the house during this time. Soon after he arrives he meets the beautiful American, Eve (Lexy Hulme), who lives nearby in a set of renovated stables. He also finds evidence that he had a mental breakdown as a child, brought about by visions of a creature known as the "Owl Man" (David Schofield).
As James stays at the mansion he begins to fall in love with Eve while also discovering that the house sits atop a series of catacombs and that his parents dabbled in pagan magic in order to achieve fortune. He eventually begins to recall more from his past even as the Owl Man's presence begins to grow increasingly ominous, culminating in James discovering that his parents had been worshipping Moloch, who would grant wishes in exchange for a sacrifice. This causes James to regain his lost memories, discovering that Moloch had been manifesting himself as the Owl Man and that he was supposed to be the sacrifice that Moloch demanded. His parents were unwilling to offer James, so they took in an orphaned American girl as a nanny and murdered her in James's stead, claiming that as they had been her guardians, she was a reasonable substitute. James then realizes that this girl was Eve, which has the unfortunate effect of making Eve remember the events as well and turn into a menacing figure intent on driving James insane via a series of attacks. He tries to flee from the house but finds that Moloch will not allow him to leave.
Moloch claims to have no ill will against James; rather his anger is directed at his now deceased parents. He tells James that only finding Eve's bones and putting them to rest will end the haunting and free him. If he does not, Moloch will haunt him forever. James is able to find Eve's bones and puts them to rest in the front yard. Her soul free, Eve leaves the grounds, as a heartbroken James begs her not to go.
James visits his friend Allen and tells his story, horrified that his parents made such a monstrous choice, and states that he would not have done the same. Standing up, James feels woozy. He realizes that Allen has poisoned him and plans to kill him using the ritual sacrifice to appease Moloch. Clearly upset, Allen begs for James to forgive him even as he is killing him, explaining that Moloch came to him and offered to save his father (Neil Cooper) if he completed the sacrifice. The film then cuts to Allen driving his father home from the hospital, with a haunted look on his face. The film ends at back to the mansion, where a light suddenly turns on in the catacombs, and a new skull rests in a ceremonial fashion, hinting that James's ghost has taken the place of Eve's and will remain there until another sacrifice is performed.