Night on the Galactic Railroad

Giovanni is a boy from a poor family, who works delivering papers to feed his sick mother (who has contracted an unnamed disease). Due to his adult responsibilities, Giovanni never has any free time and is ridiculed by his peers, making him something of a social outcast. His kindly friend, Campanella, is the only one (apart from his teacher, mother and sister, the latter two of whom are never actually seen) who cares for him.
At school one day in science class, the teacher asks Giovanni what the Milky Way really is. Giovanni knows that there are stars, but cannot give a thorough answer. The teacher then asks Campanella, but he intentionally does not answer in order to save Giovanni from even more ridicule from his peers. During class, the local bully, Zanelli, says that Giovanni has been so absent-minded because his father has yet to come back from an expedition to the far north. Zanelli claims that Giovanni's father was arrested because the trip was supposedly "illegal", which angers Giovanni. Before they can come to blows, the bell rings and class ends. After encouraging the students to attend the star festival occurring that night, the teacher dismisses the class. Giovanni, however, stays behind to chat with the teacher.
As the teacher and Giovanni marvel at some of the fossils that Giovanni's father has brought back from his past expeditions, he asks Giovanni if his father has returned yet (this is a question that is asked repeatedly throughout the story). Giovanni responds no, and heads home to begin another long, lonely night of work at the local paper.
On that night, Giovanni runs into Zanelli, who mocks him before running away to the attend the festival. Giovanni sulks as he accepts that he cannot go to the festival because of his responsibilities at home.
Tired after a hard day's work, Giovanni lies down on top of a hill. He hears a strange sound, and finds himself in the path of a train. Luckily, the train stops and allows him and Campanella to board. Noticing that Campanella is all wet Giovanni asks what happened, and Campanella says he's not sure but a flashback showing him drowning suggests otherwise. The train travels through the Northern Cross and other stars in the Milky Way. Along the way, the two see fantastic sights and meet various people: including scholars excavating a fossil from white sands of crystal and a man who catches herons to make candies from them.
Children who were on a ship that crashed into an iceberg (possibly Titanic) get on the train at Aquila, suggesting that the train is transporting its passengers to the afterlife. The train arrives at the Southern Cross and all the other passengers get off the train, leaving only Giovanni and Campanella in the train. Giovanni promises Campanella they will go on together, forever, but as the train approaches the Coalsack, Campanella disappears, leaving Giovanni behind.
Giovanni awakens alone on top of the hill. He heads to the town, only to discover that Zanelli has fallen into the river from a boat. He was saved by Campanella who went into the water, but Campanella had not yet surfaced and is missing. Worried, Giovanni heads toward the river, in fear of what he already knows. Giovanni's worries prove true, as Campanella's father gives up searching for his son, who he believes to have drowned. On the verge of tears, Giovanni tries to stay strong. Giovanni then makes a promise to himself to stay strong throughout life, claiming that, no matter where he is, he and Campanella will always be together. Campanella's father tells Giovanni that a letter has arrived from his father, announcing he will be returning soon. He then heads home, to deliver this news and some milk to his mother.