Rogue

While carrying out his research as a travel journalist, cynical American Pete McKell (Michael Vartan) joins a group of tourists on a crocodile watching river cruise in Kakadu National Park of Australia's Northern Territory, led by wildlife researcher Kate Ryan (Radha Mitchell). After a run-in with two locals, Neil (Sam Worthington) and Collin (Damien Richardson), the cruise winds to a close and Kate prepares to return the group to base.
Everett (Robert Taylor) spots a flare in the distance, and Kate tells the group that they must investigate to determine whether someone needs rescuing. A few miles up river, they come across a half-sunken wreck when suddenly, something crashes into the tourists' boat, creating a crack in the side. Kate's only choice is to run it ashore on a small island in the middle of the river. The group disembark and begin discussing what to do when Everett is suddenly pulled into the water by an unseen predator and killed. Kate comes to the conclusion that they are in the heart of a large crocodile's territory and that it will be more aggressive than usual. The tourists realize that, by nightfall, the tide will start to rise and in a matter of hours, their small island will be submerged.
Neil and Collin arrive soon after and, as they near the island, an unseen force smashes their boat and sinks it. Neil manages to swim to the island safely, but Collin disappears.
As night falls, Neil suggests that he swim to the riverbank in order to string a rope between two trees, creating a zip-line that will allow the group to cross the river. Neil succeeds in setting up the rope and Mary Ellen (Caroline Brazier) crosses first, only to freeze in fear halfway across. Allen (Geoff Morrell) becomes impatient and aggressive and attempts to get himself and his daughter Sherry (Mia Wasikowska) across with Mary Ellen still on the line. While trying to secure the rope, Neil is attacked by the croc and killed. The tree holding the rope breaks and the three on the line fall into the water. They manage to swim back to the island, but as Allen crawls up the beach, the gigantic 23-foot beast suddenly lunges out of the water, rips off his right arm, and throws him into the middle of the river, where he is dragged under and killed.
Later that night, Pete suggests they can delay the beast with a hook and bait on one side of the island while everyone escapes off the other side. Simon (Stephen Curry) is skeptical of the idea, but Russell (John Jarratt) agrees to try. Lacking bait, everyone suggests using Kate's dog, Kevin, but they decide to use two dead birds that Neil and Collin had shown them earlier. Kate hooks the birds onto the boat's anchor while Pete secures the other end of the rope to a boulder and throws the bait out into the river. After a long wait, the anchor is suddenly grabbed and pulled and the group make a break for the far shore. Russell assists Sherry's mother, Elizabeth (Heather Mitchell), who can't swim. Pete tries to stop the boulder from being pulled over as Kate swims across behind the group. The beast suddenly lets go of the hook and bait, seizes Kate, and drags her underwater. Pete hurriedly makes the swim across the river with Kevin in tow, and heads off into the bush to meet up with the others.
As day breaks, Pete is crossing a stream when Kevin runs away. Pete chases the dog into a cave and falls down a narrow chute into a larger cave, where he discovers Neil's mangled corpse. He realizes that the cave is the beast's lair and, to his surprise, he finds Kate alive, but badly injured and unconscious. He attempts to carry her out but has to hide when the beast returns and eats Kevin, then enters the cave and falls asleep. Trying to reach the entrance carrying Kate, Pete wakes the beast, and it makes several attempts to kill both him and Kate as he retreats into the narrow confines of the cave. Finally, after a long fight in which he gets tossed around and is severely bitten on the hand, Pete makes one desperate last stand. He braces a broken log against a large boulder with the sharp end pointing out towards the beast. The beast lunges at him, and Pete successfully impales it through the head killing it. He escapes from the cave with Kate to join the surviving tourists and waiting paramedics.
As the credits roll, the camera zooms in on a newspaper article detailing Pete's heroic battle with the beast and rescue of Kate. The article also states that authorities believe the beast was being territorial (having mistaken the boat's motor as the sound of a rival crocodile), while others believe that the beast had acquired a taste for humans.