Naan Kadavul 

For astrological reasons, a father has to leave his son Rudran (Arya) in Kashi for fourteen years. Fourteen years later, repenting his act he goes with his daughter in search of the boy. He finds him there but is shocked to learn that he has become an Aghori, a fierce and tigerish sadhu. Nevertheless, he brings him back to Tamil Nadu as he had promised the boy's mother. The story takes a turn here and introduces us to the world of physically and mentally challenged beggars, a world controlled by the cruel Thandavan (Rajendran). Hamsavalli (Pooja Umashankar) is a blind girl who was with a group of street actors but on one day was forcefully separated from her troupe and made to join the beggars controlled by Thandavan. Soon she becomes another victim of Thandavan's cruelty. Meanwhile, Rudran leaves his house to find his place in a small cave near a hill temple. One day, Rudran's mother comes to plead with him to come back to their house but is not successful and following that Hamsavalli also tries to convince Rudran to return to his house, but fails. In the meantime, Thandavan makes a deal with a Malayali of the same profession to sell some of his beggars to him for a tidy profit. The Malayali forcefully takes the beggars away despite their objections and crying. He returns again with a man with a deformed face trying to force Hamsavalli to marry him for 10 lakhs worth of money as the man was unable to find a bride due to his terrible deformity. Thandavan orders his men to bring Hamsavalli but they take Hamsavalli to Rudran to help her. Rudran kills the Malayali and is arrested by the local police who are forced to let him go as they are not able to locate the body and are afraid of forcing a confession from Rudran for fear of being cursed. This agitates Thandavan. Hamsavalli seeks protection and solace from the church but Thandavan finds her and starts torturing her as she refused to marry the deformed man thus making him lose out on a good amount of money. An angered and humiliated Thandavan beats up Hamsavalli really bad. Rudran is shown wounded in his forehead, with blood oozing out. In flashback mode Thandavan appears face to face against Rudran and fights him, the result of the fight being the wound. Rudran kills Thandavan. Hamsavalli finds her way to Rudran and beseeches him to free her from her misery and the earthly life. Rudran slashes her throat and performs last rites for Hamsavalli. In the final scene of the movie Rudran returns to his guru in Kashi.