Madadhipathi Magal[1] Dubbed from Hindi

Anil (Ajit), sees his parents killed in front of him during the violence of partition and flees with his sister Kamla (Kamala), and young brother Munna. Having to leave everything behind them in Pakistan, they enter India as refugees and take shelter in a temple. When Munna falls sick, Anil goes to the Mahant (priest) Tulsiram (Ulhas) for help. The priest has no time for the poor, and refuses to visit the sick child. An infuriated Anil attacks the priest, who calls the police and has him arrested. His brother dies and Kamala is forced to become a singing girl (Tawaif) by Vinod Kumar (Raj Mehra) and his henchman (Mehmood). When Anil comes out of prison he is devastated to find his brother dead and his sister a courtesan. The sister kills herself out of shame. Anil vows vengeance on the priest and Vinod. His belief in Bhagwan is lost and he becomes an atheist, deriding god and priests. His friend from jail, Joker (I. S. Johar) is with him. Tulsiram on finding out that Anil has vowed vengeance on him, is on the run with his daughter. He goes on a pilgrimage with Anil and Joker in pursuit. Joker thanks God that at least this way an atheist will also perform a pilgrimage.
Anil meets Rama (Nalini Jaywant), the priest Tulsiram's daughter when he sees Rani Ma, (Leela Mishra) scolding an untouchable boy for touching her, begging for alms. A priest hits the boy and Anil in turn hits the priest.Rama tends to the boy and Anil finds out she is Tulsiram's daughter. He decides to revenge himself by marrying Rama, an act which would be disagreeable to the priest. With contrived circumstances, he gets Rama who has fallen in love with Anil, to marry him. They spend the night together and are out in the boat with the father after them when they both fall in the water. Rama is saved by her father but finds out later that she's pregnant. She presumes that Anil is dead. A son is born to her and when he falls sick she takes him to a God-man, Babaji, whom everyone believes has healing powers. Babaji is none other than Anil pretending to be a God-man. Once Anil discovers that Rama is alive and his son is ill a change comes over him, and with the recovery of his son his belief in Sanatana Dharma is restored.