Girl with a Pearl Earring

Griet (Scarlett Johansson) is a shy girl living in the Dutch Republic in 1665. Her father, a Delftware painter, has recently gone blind, rendering him unable to work and putting his family in a precarious financial situation. To help matters, Griet is sent to work as a maid in the household of famed painter Johannes Vermeer (Colin Firth). Griet works hard, almost wordlessly, in the lowest position in a harsh hierarchy, doing her best despite spiteful treatment by one of Vermeer's children. While she is on a routine shopping trip outside the house, a butcher's son, Pieter (Cillian Murphy), notices Griet and falls in love with her, even though she is slow to return his affections.
As Griet cleans Vermeer's studio, which his wife Catharina (Essie Davis) never enters, the painter begins to converse with her and encourages her appreciation of painting, light and color. Vermeer gives her lessons in mixing paints and other tasks, taking care to keep this secret from his wife, who would react with anger and jealousy if she found out that her husband was spending time with Griet. In contrast, Vermeer's pragmatic mother-in-law, Maria Thins (Judy Parfitt), sees Griet as useful to Vermeer's career.
Vermeer's rich patron, Van Ruijven (Tom Wilkinson), notices Griet on a visit to the Vermeer household and asks the painter if he will give her up to work in his own house, a situation which ruined his former girl-maid. Vermeer refuses, but agrees to paint for Van Ruijven a portrait of Griet.
As Vermeer secretly works on the eponymous painting, Catharina cannot help but notice something is amiss and her growing jealousy of Griet becomes apparent. As Griet deals with her growing fascination with Vermeer and his talent, she has to fend off Van Ruijven's attempt to rape her. Later, when Catharina is out for the day, her mother hands Griet her daughter's pearl earrings, and asks Vermeer to finish the painting. At the final painting session Vermeer pierces Griet's left earlobe so she can wear one of the earrings for the portrait. Griet then runs to Pieter to be consoled. They caress and make love in a barn, where Pieter proposes marriage, but unexpectedly leaves, whereas she then returns the earrings to Catharina's mother.
Catharina discovers that Griet used her earrings, accuses her mother of complicity, and asks Vermeer to show her the Griet portrait. Heartbroken that he does not consider her worthy of being painted merely because she "doesn't understand", Catharina tries but fails to destroy the painting. She further banishes Griet from the house forever, to which Vermeer does not object, and lets Griet leave. Later, Griet is visited by Vermeer's house cook, who comes bearing her a gift: the blue headscarf she wore in the painting, wrapped around Catharina's pearl earrings.