Lagna Pahave Karun

Nishant Barve (Umesh Kamat) is an Indian software designer who works and stays in America. During his return to India he loses his job in the US. He decides to meet and inform his fiancée, Madhura Godbole (Priyanka Barve). When Nishant is going to meet his fiancée he accidentally meets Aditi Tilak (Mukta Barve), a girl who plans to have her own matrimonial agency. Coming to know that his fiancée is more interested in American lifestyle than him Nishant breaks up with her.
Once again Nishant accidentally meets Aditi and she shares her dream to have her own matrimonial agency with him. Nishant applies for another job in the United States but is more interested in Aditi's proposal of a matrimonial agency, so he decides not to go to the interview. Praful Patel (Shrikar Pitre) and his girlfriend decide to assist Aditi in her proposal. Nishant and Aditi, along with their associatives, plan innovative ideas on getting people married. They decide not to check the horoscopes of the couple. Thus they start their matrimonial agency, "Shubhvivaah".
Rahul Kulkarni (Siddharth Chandekar) and Aanandi (Tejashree Pradhan) meet each other through Shubhvivaah and decide to get married. Soon people are attracted by this new way of getting married. On the wedding day of Rahul and Aanandi Nalini Dixit (Swati Chitnis), a renowned astrologer and owner of a successful marriage bureau in Pune declares that their horoscopes don't match and the marriage won't last for more than six months. However, Nishant and Aditi are not affected by this and meanwhile fall in love with each other.
Nishant proposes to Aditi and tells her that he rejected his job and a luxurious life in the USA just for her incomplete proposal of matrimonial agency as he loves her. Aditi tells Nishant that no one has ever loved her as he does but she has not thought over it. On the other hand, Rahul and Aanandi start facing problems in their married life because of Aanandi's rigid nature. Aditi and Nishant keep suggesting to Rahul ways to keep Aanandi happy, but in vain. One day, Rahul and Aanandi have a bad fight, after which Rahul meets with an accident.
Aditi, out of guilt for failure of Aanandi and Rahul's marriage, stops her marriage institution. An enraged Nishant tells Aditi that she is wrong on her decision and shows his disappointment and disagreement on her decision and decides to leave for America. Meanwhile, Aanandi realises her mistake and reconciles with Rahul. Nishant comes to know about Aditi's past. Aditi had lost her parents and twice her prospective grooms died. People blamed Aditi's destiny for this and no one dared to marry her or keep any kind of relation with her.
Nishant then understands why Aditi is always scared and insecure and how she did not respond to his marriage proposal, as she loves him and does not want him to get harmed due to her. Nishant meets Aditi and tells her that its high time she needs to move on and get married, if not with him then with someone else, and settle down. The film ends with Nishant and Aditi sharing a hug (indicating that Aditi has accepted Nishant's marriage proposal) and going somewhere hand in hand.