Four Sisters and a Wedding

When CJ the youngest of the family, announced that he is getting married, his sister Gabbie, convinces the other sisters to come back home for the wedding as requested by their mother Grace (Connie Reyes). Teddie (Toni Gonzaga) , the eldest, is working as a waitress and housekeeper in Madrid; the second sister Bobbie (Bea Alonzo), works as a corporate communications manager in New York and is living with her boyfriend Tristan (San Milby)and his daughter Trixie ; the third sister Alex (Angel Locsin) is living independently and works as a film director; while Gabbie (Shaina Magdayao) is a school teacher.
Bobbie, having a difficult relationship with Trixie, is pressured by the eagerness of Tristan to get married but she informs him that they should pave way for CJ first, as he is getting married in two weeks time. Alex, on the other hand, is having a hard time with her film making gig as well as her relationship with Bobbie's ex - Chad (Bernard Palanca). Meanwhile, Teddie has not earned enough to buy a plane ticket so she asked help from her housekeeping colleague, Frodo (Janus del Prado) and convinced him that they go back to Manila together for the wedding and pretend that they are a couple.
When the family reunites, the sisters expressed their opinion on CJ's abrupt decision of getting married over family dinner. Offended by their remarks, CJ walks out on his family. The sisters go after him to apolgize and explain to him that they are just concerned. CJ accepts their apology but tells them to behave themselves for when they meet his fiancée, Princess (Angeline Quinto), and her family, The Bayags.
During the gathering at the Bayags' villa, the sisters were taken aback when Princess' father asks him to sign a prenuptial agreement. It was also explained that the wedding should take place as soon as possible because Princess’ grandfather wants to have grandchildren before he dies. Appalled by the Bayags, the sisters decide to formulate a plan to stop the wedding from happening. When Bobbie suggests that maybe CJ is only marrying Princess because she was "the best candidate in a diminishing pool of options", Teddie asks their lesbian housekeeper, Toti Marie (Cecil Paz), to introduce CJ to a lot of girls. Toti Marie then came up with a boys’ night out with hookers that ended up in them getting drunk; and the plan to change CJ's mind about the wedding failed.
While the boys were getting sober, Princess arrived at the Salazars to surprise the family for breakfast. Alex invited Chad over, which made the whole moment awkward, especially for Bobbie. The following day, as Tristan was about to leave overseas for business, he tells Bobbie that by the time he gets back, she should now be willing to marry him. Alex, who overheard the incident, gave a comment with which Bobbie dismissed. Later on, Alex went to see Chad and asked him to marry her. Chad disagreed with the idea.
Meanwhile, Teddie and Frodo spent their day scrutinizing any filthy secrets that has to do with the Bayags. They went on to one of the Bayags’ family businesses - a spa which has an obscene tag line and offers a “happy ending” to their customers. Thinking that they’d be able to find anomalies, Teddie advised Frodo to avail one of the services, and that he should call her when the “happy ending” is about to happen. As Frodo was moaning in one of the massage areas, Teddie immediately called the police to have the area inspected. They found out that the “happy ending” was in fact, thinking of happy thoughts after a massage.
Jeanette (Carmi Martin) arrives at the scene she confronts Teddie and threatens her that she’ll also have the Salazars investigated on whatever dirty secrets that they are keeping. On the way home, Teddie, troubled that her secrets might surface, had an argument with Frodo because he was suggesting that she should just admit it that she is not really working as a teacher in Spain.
CJ confronted his sisters because of the spa incident and assured them that the wedding will take place no matter what. The sisters also squabbled with one another on a personal level but they were interrupted by the arrival of their mother. Later on that evening, Bobbie saw Chad flirting with another woman while buying condoms at a convenience store.
The following morning, Bobbie initiated to talk to Alex about what she saw but they ended up arguing with each other because of it. On the other hand, Teddie went to see Frodo and asked for forgiveness for what happened the other day. When she returned home, she was welcomed by the Bayags who came over to show the gowns that they are going to wear for the wedding. The Salazars did not like the gown designs so Honey Boy (Boboy Garovillo) decided that they play charades - wherein the family who wins gets to decide what gown designs to wear on the wedding day.
During the game, the Bayags kept on pointing hints that Teddie is a maid. Noticing this, Grace immediately disrupted them and had the Bayags leave for insulting her daughter inside their own home. Jeanette mentioned before leaving that Teddie is a “maid in Spain”. Grace confronted Teddie about it, who admitted that when Spain was in crisis, she was one of the teachers who was laid off. The confrontation also opened the opportunity to discuss their family’s problems and the envy that the sisters feel with one another. In the end, they all hugged each other and found peace.
The following day, Alex and Bobbie spoke to one another sincerely and they’ve decided that Alex should confront Chad and end things. They went to see him and caught him with another woman. Alex ended her relationship with him and also warned Chad’s other woman. Later that day, the sisters surprised Grace with piled crackers as a gift for her when suddenly, CJ called in to inform that Princess’ grandfather died. The family went to express their condolences to the Bayags and they apologized to one another for all the troubles that they have brought in their respective families.
Due to a Filipino cultural superstition called Sukob (prohibiting nuptials within a year following an immediate family member’s death), CJ and Princess’ wedding did not push through. In order for the preparations and expenses not to go to waste, Bobbie used it as a chance to fulfill Tristan’s dream of marrying her.