Battle Royale

Following a major recession, the Japanese government has passed the "BR Act" to control Japan's unruly youth. Middle school student Shuya copes with life after his father was murdered by the government. Noriko is the only student regularly attending class 3-B. Their teacher, Kitano, resigns after being wounded by a student.
One year later, class 3-B takes a field trip, but they are gassed and taken to a remote island. Kitano reappears surrounded by JSDF soldiers, explaining to the class that they are chosen to participate in the annual Battle Royale as a result of the Act: they have three days to fight to the death until a victor emerges, while explosive collars will kill uncooperative students or those within daily "danger zones". Each student is provided rations, water, a map of the island, compass, and a random weapon.
The first six hours see twelve deaths, four by suicide, and most caused by the desperate, psychotic Mitsuko Souma and psychopathic volunteer Kazuo Kiriyama. Transfer student Shogo Kawada lets Shuya go, while basketball player Shinji Mimura plots to hack into the military's computer system to disrupt the program. Amid shifting loyalties and violent confrontations, Shuya promises to keep Noriko safe as his friend secretly loved her. He carries her to a clinic, where Kawada reveals that he won a previous Battle Royale at the cost of his girlfriend, Keiko Onuki, whose death he seeks to avenge. When Kiriyama attacks, Shuya entrusts Kawada to protect Noriko and runs as a distraction. Although saved by Hiroki Sugimura, a martial artist looking for Kayoko Kotohiki, Shuya is wounded.
Shuya awakens in the island's lighthouse, bandaged by female class representative Yukie, who has a crush on him. Five other girls are also hiding in the building, including Yuko Sakaki, who attempts to poison Shuya out of fear for Tatsumichi who she saw die and believes that Shuya had killed him, only for Yuka to accidentally eat the food. Yuko is the only survivor of the ensuing shootout; horrified, she apologizes to Shuya and commits suicide. Shuya returns to Noriko and Kawada, and they set out to find Mimura. Kiriyama kills Mitsuko. Mimura and two others, Yutaka Seto and Keita Iijima, infiltrate the military's computer system, but Kiriyama kills them. When Kawada, Noriko and Shuya arrive at the hackers' burning base, Kawada confronts and kills Kiriyama, who had been blinded by an explosion rigged by Mimura as he was killed.
On the morning of the final day, Kawada, aware of the collars' internal microphones, seemingly kills Shuya and Noriko. Suspicious, Kitano ends the game and dismisses the troops, intent on personally killing the supposed victor. Kitano realizes that Kawada hacked the system months beforehand, and has disabled Shuya and Noriko's tracking devices. The three survivors confront Kitano in the headquarters, and he unveils a homemade painting of the massacred class depicting Noriko as the sole survivor. He reveals that he was unable to bear the hatred between him and his students, having been rejected by his daughter, and confesses that he always thought of Noriko as a daughter. He asks her to kill him, but Shuya shoots him after he threatens her with a gun. As he falls, Kitano shoots, revealing the gun to be a water pistol. Before he dies, Kitano's daughter calls him; after an argument, he shoots the phone with an actual gun.
Shuya, Noriko and Kawada leave the island on a boat, but Kawada dies from injuries, happy that he found friendship. Shuya and Noriko are declared fugitive murderers, and are last seen on the run in the direction of Shibuya Station. Noriko gives Shuya a Seto Dragon Claw butterfly knife before they run off together.