Sengathu

Mukhil (Nishanth), an army officer, returns to his village for his holidays. Upon his return, he meets the bubbly girl Indhu who seems to be mentally ill. Mukhil lives with his widow mother Chellamma (Kuyili) and his immature uncle Yedhukku (Ilavarasu). One day, Mukhil saves Indhu who was sexually harassed by some rowdies and he beats them up. Mukhil starts having suspicions about the way Indhu was behaving, so one day, he forcibly kisses her on the mouth to see her reaction. Indhu scolds him for behaving like that and spits on his face. Indhu belongs to a poor family, she lives with her sick grandmother and her little brother Suresh. Mukhil apologizes for his disgusting act to Indhu and he professes his love to her but she doesn't respond. Mukhil was so desperate to figure out why Indhu is acting as a mentally ill person, so he asks her to tell him the whole story the next day otherwise he will consider suicide. The next day, Indhu's grandmother dies and Mukhil attempts to commit suicide but the villagers save him at time. Later, Indhu accepts his love and reveals to the villagers that she is not mentally ill.
Few years ago, Indhu witnessed a government officer being killed by the village bigwig Malayandi (Kovai Desingu). In the past, Indhu was born to a devadasi (prostitute) and her mother died during childbirth. As per the village custom, Indhu must be brought up by a Brahmin family and at the age of majority, she had to become a devadasi. Seenu (Srinivasa Gurukkal) adopted her but when she hit puberty, he refused his daughter to be a devadasi. Seenu knew that he could not change his daughter's faith so he chose to commit suicide. Since that day, Indhu has to act a mentally ill person to not become a devadasi.
The village court decide to send Indhu to Malayandi's village. Malayandi plans to get married with Indhu thus she will become a devadasi. Chellamma then orders her son to save Indhu from his evil practice. Mukhil enters their village and fights with Malayandi's henchmen, Mukhil is deeply wounded by the henchmen. He manages to knock Malayandi out and advices the villagers to abolish this practice. Malayandi then asks forgiveness. The film ends with Mukhil and Payal leaving Malayandi's village.