Sing Street

In south inner-city Dublin in 1985, Robert Lawlor is struggling with his architecture practice and his marriage, and drinks and smokes to excess. At a family meeting, he announces that in order to save money he is taking his youngest son Conor out of his expensive fee-paying school and moving him to a Christian Brothers school, Synge Street CBS, which Robert asserts is of equally high repute. Conor's elder brother Brendan ribs him about the change as well as about the state of the family unit.
Conor appears in school on the first day in his new uniform, but without the regulation black shoes. The school principal Br. Baxter, takes him to task for this despite Conor’s pleas of being unable to afford new black shoes, eventually forcing him to complete the day shoeless. The shoe problem is resolved by painting the shoes black using paint from the art room. An encounter with the school bully, Barry introduces Conor to Darren, an ally and budding entrepreneur. When Conor tells the beautiful aspiring model, Raphina, in order to impress her, that he needs a model for a music video his band is making, Darren agrees to manage the band and introduces him to multi-instrumentalist Eamon.
The band practise in Eamon's living room, playing a bunch of 1980s covers. Conor however has a sibling-induced epiphany when Brendan encourages him to drop the covers and develop the band's own style. He begins writing original songs with Eamon. The band film their first music video for their song "The Riddle of the Model", wearing a motley assortment of often comical costumes, with Raphina acting as ingenue and makeup artist. Conor goes into school the next day wearing make up, he gets called into Baxter's office and told to remove the makeup. Conor refuses and as he walks away Baxter grabs him forcing him into the bathroom and forcibly removing the make up by pushing his face into a sink. Raphina gives Conor his nickname "Cosmo", which she says is more in keeping with his new band's image and the band continues to write and record new songs. After spending the day filming a music video for a new song, Conor and Raphina kiss and exchange confidences. Conor also manages to stand up to Barry by pointing out the insignificance of his life as well as his own, which greatly upsets Barry.
At home Robert and Penny's marriage is falling apart, while Raphina and Conor's relationship blossoms. Conor takes Raphina out to Dalkey Island in his granddad's motor cruiser. Here they view the car ferry leaving Dún Laoghaire for Britain and discuss Raphina's dream of leaving Ireland for London.
Conor, Raphina, and the band then prepare to film a Back to the Future-inspired music video for their new song, "Drive It Like You Stole It", but Conor is disheartened when Raphina fails to show up. Later, she reveals that she was set to leave for London with her boyfriend that day, but he abandoned her. Deeply hurt by her lack of disclosure and becoming even more offended by her nonchalance, Conor breaks up with Raphina. Because of the break-up, along with his family's problems, Conor finds difficulty in writing or playing music, but Brendan urges Conor to carry on so that at least he can escape his small-town doldrums and make a better future for himself. An opportunity arises for the band to play live at an end of year party at school. Conor manages to strike a friendship with Barry, offering him the chance to be the band's roadie and escape the physically and emotionally abusive relationship he has with his alcoholic father, which he accepts.
Conor prepares a new song, "Brown Shoes", mocking Baxter, which the band perform as an encore while distributing homemade masks of Baxter’s face. Raphina arrives before the band finishes their song and reconciles with Conor, and both of them leave the party and the school in uproar. After secretly saying his goodbyes to his family later that night, Conor and Raphina persuade Brendan to drive them to Dalkey so they can escape in the motor cruiser and head to London. Brendan agrees and drives them to the harbour, where Brendan and Conor exchange an emotional embrace. Conor and Raphina sail out to sea, following the ferry across the rough Irish Sea to a new life in London. Brendan watches them disappear into the distance and cheers, overjoyed that his younger brother has left to go on to greater things.