Sahasam Swasaga Sagipo

The reel opens with the snapshots of Rajinikanth Muralidhar (Naga Chaitanya) in a small brawl with a mob which later reveals that he had been quarrelling with the men for talking bad about his sister Maithrei.
Rajinikanth, who is hesitant to reveal his name is an MBA student and bike enthusiast, accompanied by his close friends Mahesh, Shyam, Srikanth and auto driver Selvam. One evening Rajinikanth goes to a person who is torturing his sister to love him back and a fight happens between them when Mahesh spends time with his girlfriend Divya in their area. Somehow all things falls and a few days passed by and Rajinikanth says that he is now confident to handle any situation that comes in his life and he is ready to face them.
Rajinikanth is now grown up a little and he has 2 love stories that revolved around him in the past, one is Sukanya and another is Mallika and now he considers his new Thunderbird bike as his first love ever. At this moment he comes to meet Leela (Manjima Mohan), a friend of his sister Maithrei who stays in Rajinikanth's house to complete their course and Rajinikanth falls in love with her, they both speak for a long time in their house day and night and Rajinikanth narrates his love story with Leela with his friends daily.
Now Rajinikanth plans for a bike long trip to Kannyakumari along with his friend Mahesh but eventually he is accompanied by Leela instead of Mahesh, they go to Kannyakumari via Chennai, Salem and Trivandrum. On the trip they go to a rural village and stay for a night where they are took care by a kind-hearted villager (Madurai Mohan). The next day they reach Kannyakumari and see the Sunrise, here Leela falls for Rajinikanth and after the trip Rajinikanth agrees to drop Leela to her home in Kolhapur. On the way to Maharastra in a busy highway, they meet with a terrible accident he injures and breaks his shoulder at the same day Leela’s parents are attacked in Maharashtra.
They feel something was wrong and that wasn't an accident. The same day, Leela's parents were injured and her Father doesn't seem to get alive again. They come to know that it was a plan to kill Leela, now Rajinikanth comes to the hospital and his friend Mahesh accompanies him, now enters a violent action space in Rajinikanth's life and he decides to save Leela and his family.
However, things take a turn for the worse as they encounter something unexpected. The second half is a well furnished, racy, clearly dispenses the fearless-ness to destroy the corrupt Politician, Police Officer Kamat (Baba Sehgal) and a gangster Hiren (Daniel Balaji). Kamat is the one who does unwanted things to kill Raman and his wife. Also Mahesh is killed in this process. Kamat now tries to trace out Rajinikanth even in Mahesh's funeral and finally he reaches Rajinikanth's house where he is revealed that he is Rajnikanth Muralidharan IPS, who attains his posting in the same Kolhapur, where Leela's parents were killed. Finally he assassinates Kamat and goes on a trip to Kanyakumari again with Leela with a beautiful proposal.