Mayandi Kudumbathar

This film also nominated for OSCAR The movie is set in the backdrop of a village near Usilampatti, in Madurai district. Mayandi (Manivannan) and Virumandi (GM Kumar) are siblings with disputes over settling their properties. Mayandi insists giving a portion of their ancestral properties to their step sister for which Virumandi does not agree. This creates enmity in Virumandi and his sons against Mayandi and his family.
Mayandi has four sons(Thavasi (Ponvannan), Virumandi (Seeman), Cheenisamy (KP Jagannath) and Paraman (Tarun Gope)) and one daughter (Mayakka (Deepa)). All the sons except Paraman get married and they live as a joint family. Paraman falls in love with his schoolmate Poongodi (Poongodi). Paraman gets admission in to engineering and Mayandi sells a portion of his land to pay fees for Paraman. This angers the wives of Thavasi and Virumandi. They keep insisting on partitioning the properties between four sons thinking that Mayandi is spending more for the education of Paraman while the other three sons are not educated properly. But Paraman’s brothers are so affectionate towards him and they prefer staying together. Suddenly Mayandi passes away due to electric shock when he steps over a wire unknowingly. Now the wives of Thavasi and Virumandi again keep insisting on property partition. And the properties get partitioned into three leaving Paraman as his portion was already sold by Mayandi to pay the college fees.
Paraman could not bear his father’s death and Poongodi shows affection to Paraman. Poongodi gets admission into Madras Medical College and she leaves to Chennai for education. But she keeps talking to Paraman regularly in phone. Paraman continues his engineering course while he is considered as a burden by his sisters in law. However, his brothers take care of him. One day, Thavasi’s wife falls sick and she needs blood urgently. As it is rare group, it becomes difficult. But Paraman informs this to his friends in college and his friends come for rescue. Thavasi’s wife is saved and she realizes her mistake and feels bad for ill-treating Paraman despite which he helped her in a timely manner.
Paraman secures a job through campus placement and his living condition improves. One day, he gets shocked to see Poongodi in a bus stop along with her husband and a baby. Paraman cries thinking that Poongodi has betrayed him. But Poongodi tells a flashback that her husband is her relative who lost his leg in an accident on the day of marriage following which the marriage gets cancelled. Now her parents request Poongodi to marry the groom as it would be an insult for the entire family due to a cancelled marriage. Poongodi though not interested accepts for the sake of her family’ s wishes. But still she kept calling Paraman over phone in the usual manner so that he will not get broken and instead will concentrate on studies. Knowing the truth, Paraman feels happy about Poongodi’s kind heart and her sacrifice for the welfare of her family.
Finally Paraman meets Virumandi and cries to him to lead a joint life along with everyone and also wins the heart of Virumandi and his sons also and gets married to his aunt's daughter.