Solo

Genre: Romantic Drama
World of Shekhar is based on the Element of Water. It is a love story of a stammering, daring but loving young man named Shekhar (Dulquer Salmaan) and Radhika (Sai Dhanshika) who is a talented blind dancer, with an open mind. Their story starts in college, 4 years ago. There is a lot of fuss over whom Radhika loves, whether it is Shekhar's friend Sanju or a guy named Nelson. Finally, Radhika confesses her love for Shekhar in front of everyone and there is a small confrontation between Shekhar and Radhika, which begins the poetic love story. When families get to know about their relationship they don't approve of it. But as Radhika reveales to be pregnant, they agree for the wedding. After celebrating their happiest days of their lives during the wedding, Radhika passes away while delivering their baby. Shekhar, not being able to accept the truth goes out on his bike, only to meet with an accident. However, the story ends with Shekhar playing with their daughter on a beach. Thereby, fulfilling a promise made to Radhika to take their daughter to a beach and spend time with her; just as Radhika's father did for her just before she lost her eye sight.
Genre: Revenge Thriller
The story begins with Ayesha (Arthi Venkatesh) whose cycle collides with a BMW driven by Thomas Zachariah (Renji Panicker), a rich businessman. Zachariah's son in law Justin (Anson Paul) decides to save her, but Zachariah declines by saying they will be arrested for drunk driving. Justin puts her in the car anyway and rushes to the hospital, but Ayesha dies on the way. Instead of taking the body to the hospital, Zachariah disposes it on the road.
Four years later, Justin and his wife Annie (Ann Augustine) are saddened by the demise of Zachariah. After returning from a business deal, Justin discovers that his car brakes are not working. The car crashes leaving Justin wounded, but he is saved by Dr. Trilok Menon (Dulquer Salmaan), a veterinary surgeon. As Trilok rushes to the hospital with Justin, Justin notices a photo of Ayesha in Trilok's car and realizes she was his wife.
After recovering, Justin tells everything to Annie and decides to tell the truth to Trilok. Justin narrates the whole incident and Trilok asks him whether he can feel his hand. Trilok reveals that it was really him who killed Zachariah, that the accident was orchestrated by him too, and he also injected a drug in Justin's drip a few minutes back which would make him brain dead. He says he was tracking them all these years and had heard everything that Zachariah and Justin said during the incident through Ayesha's bluetooth earbuds, telling him that she was pregnant and still alive even after they disposed of her. Trilok then exits the room leaving Justin to die.
Genre: Crime Drama
Siva's mother leaves him, his father, and his brother Siddhu. Years later, Siva is now a gangster working under his mentor Bhadran, a crime boss. Siva protects his brother and is harsh on his wife Rukku(Sruthi Hariharan). Siddhu is invited to join the gang by Bhadran when he is released from prison for almost killing someone in the middle of the college.
Siva's life changes when his father is found shot in a bar. Over the CCTV records, his father was killed by Vishnu, a crime boss in Mumbai and Siva decides to take revenge. Siva along with two of his gang members Nandha and Prabha goes to Mumbai. On the bus to Mumbai, Siddhu is found by Nandha and Siva attempts to throw him out but Nandha allows him to stay. On reaching Mumbai, Siva joins hands with a gangster to terminate Vishnu.
The next night Siva and gang reach Vishnu and start a shootout in a ritual place,which gets Prabha and many others are killed. Siva eliminates almost every member of Vishnu's gang and Siddhu escapes, and rushing to Siva only to see him get killed by Vishnu. Siddhu and Nandha manage to escape and reach their hideout hotel. The next morning,a revenge and fury filled Siddhu takes Nandha's gun and goes to Vishnu's house, only to be shocked by seeing his mother there who is now Vishnu's wife. It is revealed that this was why Vishnu killed Siva and Siddhu's father, this kills Siva. As Vishnu enters the room, Siddhu shoots on the chest and kills him and his mother begs him to escape. The story ends with a grieving Siddhu running through the streets of Mumbai.
Genre: Romantic Thriller
Rudra Ramachandran is an army trainee, madly in love with his girlfriend Akshara(Neha Sharma). He constantly ruins Akshara's marriage proposals by creating a scene in their house.
Rudra is the son of Brig. Ramachandran and Vidya who always scold him for his aggressive behavior, but his father always considered him a friend. Akshara's father Brig. Sundararajan decides to file a case against him in order to expel him from the army as revenge for his aggressive actions, but Rudra's father and mother request him not to. Later, Akshara tells Rudra that she got admission for a degree in Australia and has to leave soon. She promises that she will always be his.
Four years later, Rudra is an army officer narrating the story to his senior officer Col. Raunaq Sachdeva and team. He tells them that Akshara has not contacted him and he went to Australia, but she refused to see him and now he received her marriage invitation. Raunaq says that his team must never accept defeat and that Rudra must go to the marriage. Rudra along with Raunaq, Daisy, and others go to Akshara's house the day before her marriage. Rudra sees, her but she refuses to talk to him. The night before the marriage, Rudra barges in and demands Alok, Akshara's fiance to fight with him. Alok, a boxing champion, beats up Rudra, but Raunaq motivates him to fight back. Rudra brutally beats up Alok but is hindered by Akshara who tells him that it was really his father, whom he considered as his best friend, who asked her not to be with him. A shocked Rudra leaves the function. Later, his mother tells him that his father had an affair with another lady when he was 2 years old and that his parents were on the verge of divorce. Although he stopped for the sake of his marriage, the lady was declared pregnant. It is revealed to be Akshara's mother which makes a possibility that Akshara is Brig, Ramachandran's daughter, and Rudra's half-sister. The film ends with Rudra asking for forgiveness from Alok on the day of his marriage with Akshara.