American Gigolo

Julian Kaye is a male escort in Los Angeles, whose job supports and requires an expensive taste in cars and clothes, and affords him a luxury Westwood apartment. He is blatantly materialistic, narcissistic and superficial. However, he takes pleasure in his work from being able to sexually satisfy women, especially older ones.
Julian's procuress, Anne, sends him on an assignment with a wealthy old widow, Mrs. Dobrun, who is visiting town. Afterwards, he goes to the hotel bar and meets Michelle Stratton, the senator's wife, who becomes obsessed with him. Julian's friend, Leon, sends him to Palm Springs on a "substitute" assignment to the house of Mr. Rheiman, a wealthy financier. Rheiman asks Julian to have violent sex with his wife Judy, while watching them. The next day, Julian berates Leon for sending him to a "rough trick" and makes it clear he declines kinky or gay assignments. Leon in turn warns Julian that the wealthy, older women he serves will turn on him and discard him without a second thought.
As Julian begins to have a relationship with Michelle, he learns that Judy Rheiman has been murdered. Los Angeles Police Department Detective Sunday identifies Julian as a primary suspect. Though Julian was with another client, Lisa Williams, on the night of the murder, she protects her marriage and does not give an alibi for Julian.
Julian discovers the evidence about the murder. He realizes that he is being framed and grows increasingly desperate. His mounting anguish is visually represented by a degeneration in style; his clothes become rumpled, he goes unshaven, and drives a cheap rental car (after ruining his Mercedes to find Judy's jewelry planted in it). He neglects to pick up an important client for Anne that he has been scheduled to escort, and she shuns him. Julian warns Michelle that he is in trouble and tells her to leave him alone.
Julian concludes that Leon and Rheiman are the ones trying to frame him, and that one of Leon's other gigolos was the murderer. Julian goes to confront Leon, telling him about the truth and clearing his name. However, he refuses to help him and remains implacable. Julian pushes Leon off from the apartment balcony to his death. With no one to help him, Julian ends up in prison, hopelessly awaiting trial for Rheiman's murder. While Michelle reconciles with Julian, she sacrifices her reputation and marriage.