Swayamvara

Bharati, is a young socialite who learns she will not inherit family-wealth. She doesn't want to marry, but her father's will explicitly mentions without marriage, She will loose the family-estate. Balakrishna, her lawyer and trusted advisor sees the news in paper about Rajkumar, who is a convict about to be hanged. Bharati gets married to Dr Rajkumar, just to claim her ancestral wealth. The day before hanging, killer reveals on his death-bed, about how Rajkumar is innocent. Rajkumar is released, just as he is about to be hanged. Rajkumar thinks it was the marital bliss that changed his fortunes. Anguished that her plans are thwarted, Bharati cries and accuses Rajkumar of plotting. Being the Simpleton he is, Rajkumar mentions he only came to thank her and walks away from her life. Bharati's suitor Dinesh turns up to entice Bharati & enquire on when the estate will be in Bharati's name. The clause put in the will shocks them. Bharati must lead marital life with her husband for at least 3 months.
Dinesh and Bharati plot to implicate Rajkumar so as to gain hold of estate.
Rajkumar is a daily wage labourer, struggling all day in coal-mine for 3 1/4 rupees a day. He has to take care of his sister and now, his supposedly-wife. Bharati is introduced to the difficulties of life and learns the value of labour, hard-earned savings, love and life. She is two-minds as to whether stay as Rajkumar's wife or be part of plan, she hatched to gain riches. On the last day of agreed-stay,Rajkumar's ears are filled with the plot. Rajkumar is dejected, when he learns his wife is in fact is staying with him, only to claim her estate. Bharati saves a kid's life and decides to stay as Rajkumar's wife. Rajkumar, is no mood to listen and asks her to move away from his life. Dejected, Bharati leaves to city. In the climax, Dinesh & Bharati come to collect Rajkumar's signatures on divorce papers. An accident at the coal mine leads to cave-ins, blocking the way out of coal mines. Rajkumar, DInesh & Bharati are trapped and to make way, one person has to stay back, fire the fireworks to make way. Rajkumar, taunts Dinesh to stay back and prove his love to save Bharati. Dinesh is found out to be self-serving and wouldn't want to risk his life. Rajkumar mentions to Bharati he has signed the divorce papers and says she is free to lead her life. He rushes to make way. Providence saves Rajkumar for the second time, leading Bharati to remark, She has chosen Rajkumar not first time in the jail, when he was due to dir, but again, now in the face of death. Rajkumar and Bharati happily unite and walk towards their humble home.