Tubelight

Laxman Singh Bisht (Salman Khan) is an odd child, bullied by Narayan (Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub) and his friends, who call him "Tubelight", although defended by his brother Bharat (Sohail Khan). Gandhi visits the school and teaches the children about faith, courage and belief. India becomes independent of British rule, and Gandhi is assassinated. Laxman and Bharat's parents pass away, so they become even closer as they grow up.
When the Chinese suddenly attack the Indian border, the Indian Army begin to recruit, so all the boys try to join up, but only Bharat is selected. As the new soldiers reach the border, full war between India and China breaks out.
Laxman meets the magician, Gogo Pasha (Shah Rukh Khan) who chooses him to test his faith by trying to move a bottle. After several attempts he succeeds despite Narayan teasing him. Laxman tries again with Banne Chacha (Om Puri) but fails; Banne says "Faith moves a mountain" and explains how Laxman will find his faith.
Laxman observes a Chinese woman "Le Leing" (Zhu Zhu) and a boy "Gu Won" (Matin Rey Tangu). Banne Chacha gets angry when Laxman tries to inform the authorities, and advises him to follow the wisdom of Gandhi, and befriend the woman and boy. After some attempts, Laxman finally succeeds. When Bharat and soldiers try to escape but get captured, Laxman becomes heartbroken, but Leing consoles him and encourages his faith. Narayan tries to attack Gu but Laxman saves him. Narayan attempts to convince Laxman not to befriend Chinese people or he will lose Bharat forever, but Leing tells Narayan that she and Gu are not only Chinese but Indians too. As Laxman tries to explain to Narayan everything he learned from Gandhi, Narayan challenges him to move a mountain; Laxman succeeds and causes an earthquake.
He learns that 264 soldiers have been killed, so he tries again; it appears that he has succeeded as he hears that the border dispute between India and China is resolving. As the friends celebrate the end of the war, Leing's lost father returns. After learning that fighting still continues in some areas and Bharat has been killed, Laxman is griefstricken believing that people were right about him all along. Leing and Gu comfort him as they bid farewell to return to Calcutta. Gu, Leing and Laxman receive the news that Bharat is still alive but has lost his memory. Laxman is reunited at medical camp with his brother, who regains his memories.