Pondattiye Deivam

Pattabi (S. Ve. Shekher) is submitted to his dominating wife Parimala (Sithara) and she makes his life a living hell. Parimala is goodwill but she has an hysterical temper that is frightening his husband Pattabi. Pattabi works as a secretary in Cholla company and earns a decent salary, but his miser wife forbid him to spend money and keeps all his money. So Pattabi spends his time lamenting about his wife's torture to others. The poor Pattabi is not helped by his irresponsable father Sundaram (Janagaraj) who always bets on horse races, his father-in-law Periya Karuppu Thevar (Vinu Chakravarthy) who only supports Parimala's choices and his nosy neighbour Vaidhyanathan (Venniradai Moorthy) who doesn't miss an opportunity to put Pattabi in trouble. Only his Pattabi's boss (V. K. Ramasamy) understands his feelings. The killjoy Parimala has a twin sister : Shyamala. Unlike Parimala, Shyamala is a deaf and fearful person.
In the past, Parimala was an honest police officer. One day, Pattabi rushed to work in the morning with his scooter, he went through a red traffic light. Parimala and the police constables followed him, Pattabi ran away from them and fell into a swimming pool. Parimala then saved him from drowning. Because of this accident, she lost her job. Pattabi then got married with her.
One day, Parimala throws Sundaram out of their house, for Pattabi it's the straw that broke the camel's back. Pattabi's boss has a friend Pandiyan (Livingston), he is a jailbird and a true misogyny. He comes to help Pattabi from Parimala, but things don't go as planned. Pandiyan killed Parimala and with Pattabi's help, Pandiyan throws the dead body in a river.
Sundaram returns home with his newfound mistress Margaret (Kovai Sarala) and her daughter Julie (Roopa Sree). Sundaram then makes believe Periya Karuppu Thevar that Parimala ran away with another man. Periya Karuppu Thevar is hell bent to save his family's prestige so Shyamala passes off as Parimala. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.