Andha Naal

The film begins with the church Father James (Anandaraj) digging up a coffin in the graveyard in the middle of the night. Father James found inside the coffin a dead body of Babu (Raja) stabbed in the heart with a knife, so he immediately calls the police. The police inspector Rangaraj after seeing the dead body decided to hush up the issue and buried the coffin. The news was spread rapidly and it is now in the front pages of every newspapers. Very quickly, the police was being heavily criticised for smothering up the sordid affair.
SP Vikramadithyan (Prem Menon) decides to take up himself this sordid case. He digs up the coffin and sends the corpse to the post-mortem examination. Vikramadithyan first examines the Father church James and James tells what happened in the past.
Babu (Raja) was a spoiled student specialist in ragging other students and in annoying the professors. Babu clashed many times with his classmate Mary (Mohini) who was a softspoken student and a religious person. Being an orphan, she was brought up by the Father James. Babu slowly fell in love with her, he became a good man and he eventually converted to Christianity. Finally, Vincent Babu and Mary got married at the church with the blessings of Father James. At the wedding night, Babu shew his true colours. He was in fact a drunkard and a womanizer, he acted as a good man all along only for spending time with Mary one night and he left her the next day. Many years later, Babu reappeared as a melancholic man who lost all his wealth and asked Father James for forgiveness. Mary had a boy called Alex (Master Nadim Khan). Alex forced his mother Mary to live with Babu who had not change at all. Babu's behaviors became worse : he behaved badly with the school teacher Poornitha (Raksha) in public, he spent time with a prostitute (Shakeela), he even tried to seduce Lakshmi (Kavitha) who resurfaced to see her daughter Mary, he drank a lot of alcohols in a bar owned by (Alex) and worst that he molested his wife and beat up his son. One night, Father James was informed of Babu's death and they all proceed to his funeral the same evening. When a worker tried to hammer the first nail in the coffin, the hammer fell from the hands and hit Babu's chest. Babu opened his eyes briefly and Father James noticed it.
Vikramadithyan is now determined to find the culprit. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.