Nenu Meeku Telusa...?

Aditya (Manchu Manoj) is a short term memory loss patient. He suffers a brain damaging accident in which his father also expires. In order to continue with his day-to-day activities he depends on an audio cassette timed every morning by himself the previous night. There are only 2 people in his life who know about his medical condition his Doctor and his Uncle (Nassar). He also has a Girl Friend Madhumitha (Riya Sen). Aditya has 2 Important rules in his everyday regimen 1. Not to get drunk out side. 2. And no matter where he goes he has to ensure he sleeps only in his home. Because he has to listen the tape next morning or else he will not remember anything. One fine day all his friends in the office call him to a party and force him to drink he gets fully drunk and wakes up in his bedroom the next morning the tape he uses everyday to refresh his memory is erased and he has no clue who did it he starts to reconstruct his memories by whatever is available in his sight. As he starts to leave his flat police come and interrogate him and asks him that he has complained about a missing car. As he doesn't remember the same he denies giving a complaint however the police finds the car in the basement parking they open the car and find the dead body of Aditya's uncle in the car's trunk. He gets arrested and the police initially think that he is lying but eventually when he is submitted to court the judge submits him for medical examination and they come to understand that he is a patient of short term memory loss. As the case is still not solved police officer Anjali (Sneha Ullal) takes up the case by specially requesting the D.G.P. Now the story goes back into flashback where Aditya and Anjali are actually college sweethearts and break up because of a minor misunderstanding after which Aditya reconciles and try to reach her back but then he meets with an accident and forgets his past. Now the story again returns to present where Anjali gets deeply involved with the investigation but meets with a dead end at every corner and finally Aditya decides that he himself can solve the case and as the only problem is if he sleeps he will forget hence he decides not to sleep till the case is solved he tries to dig into his past and see if he can find any clues and he finds out that Anjali was actually his girlfriend. Finally he calls up Madhumitha and Anjali tell them that he has solved the case and asks them to come at 7 the next morning when he will reveal the murderer. Aditya believes that Anjali might be the killer and waits for dawn he controls himself the whole night but just as it was about it be 7 his eyes finally give out and he falls asleep by the time he wakes up he sees both Anjali and Madhumitha are holding guns against each other and both ask Aditya to help. Finally Aditya shoots Madhumitha out of instinct and she dies instantly there. Madhumitha's brother comes out and reveals the entire crime to Anjali he confesses that Madhumitha wants to become the Managing Director of the company but as Aditya is the legal heir he will precede his uncle to that post hence she plans and becomes Aditya's Girl Friend with an intent to steal the entire property but as his uncle came to know about that fact Madhumitha and her brother kill him and keep the deadbody in Aditya's car so that the police may suspect him. The movie ends with Aditya getting married to Anjali who later on reminds him every morning about his past without him referring to a tape.