Swamy Ra Ra

A Gold Vinayaka Idol of value of nearly ₹100 million in the International Market is stolen by the temple priest (Vishvesh) of the Sree Padmanabha Swamy Temple with the help of a Security Guard. The Idol, which actually belongs to the newly found treasure of the Temple is sold to a mysterious person who dies after his car meets with an accident. A kid takes the Idol from the ground and presents it to his friend who in turn presents it to her daughter in law. That man sells this Idol to a Goldsmith at Alappuzha of Kerala for ₹6,000. That Goldsmith sells it to another rich man at Mangalore of Karnataka for ₹37,000. He in turn sells it to another rich man at Shimoga of Karnataka for ₹1,90,000. This idol is sold to another rich man at Bellary of Karnataka for ₹0.5 million. Th idol is sold to a millionaire at Thiruchanur of Tamil Nadu for 2 million which in turn is sold at Madurai for 6 million which reaches to a Trader at Hyderabad for a value of ₹11 million.
The story then shifts to four lives Surya (Nikhil Siddharth), Bhanu (Pooja Ramachandran), Ravi (Sathya) and Swati (Swati Reddy). While Surya, Bhanu, Ravi are pick pocketers who rob people together, Swati is a Journalist whose parents left for USA for a short duration. Swati buys a Yellow color Vespa vehicle which is stolen by Surya while being chased by a person as Surya and Ravi rob him. After giving complaint to the Police, Swati finds Surya riding her Vehicle. Surya, after being stopped by Swati, represents himself as a Software Engineer working at HP who bought this vehicle from a Third party. Surya and Swati become friends and Surya later introduces Bhanu and Ravi to Swati as his colleagues in HP. Mean while Giri (Ravi Varma) goes to buy the Idol from the Trader on behalf of Durga Prasad (Ravi Babu), a criminal whose obligation is to deliver the Idol to a Minister in order to get exonerated from all his cases and joining politics. Giri kills the Trader, takes the Idol and goes to Durga's house and gives him the money he sent for and tells that the trader was dead and the Idol is missing.
Later Durga gives the same Money Bag to his personal Lawyer and finds Blood Stains on the Bag. He sends his henchmen to trace Giri and get the Idol from him. However Giri keeps the Idol in the Hand Bag of Swati when he hits Surya and Swati when they were riding their Vespa vehicle and notes the vehicle number. At Swati's home, Chotu, a kid who is a friend of Surya, steals the Idol from her hand bag and gives it to Surya. Surya along with Bhanu and Ravi approaches Shankar (Jeeva) via Jogi (Praveen), who is entitled for a commission of 10% of the sale price. Shankar decides to sell it for ₹50 million but Ravi foolishly reveals in a hurry that they are lucky to get ₹0.5 million. They go to Swati's house that night and celebrate terming salary hike as the reason. Next morning Durga goes to Swati's home, searches her handbag, kills Giri in front of them and demands them to tell the whereabouts of the Idol. During the Journey to Shankar's house, two professional killers (Jogi Krishnam Raju and Jogi Naidu) threaten them to vacate the car as they are in a hurry to escape from the police. At this point the trio and Swati flee to Swati's friend Dolly's house.
Shankar sells the Idol to two Africans (Alex and Elves) who approached Shankar via Jogi. There one of the African gets tempted after he sees Vijji (Shravanthi), a close person of Shankar. Jogi is insulted by Shankar by denying to give his commission after the African party left away. Jogi is humiliated by this and calls the trio to meet him the next hour. There Jogi asks Surya to get Shankar's purse before he reaches the place of Consignment where the price would be transferred by showing a 10 Dollars note given by the African Duo. If the note is brought, it would be shared among the trio and Jogi in equal ratio. The trio successfully get his purse without his knowledge and tear the note into two equal halves, one with Surya and one with Jogi. Surya then comes to know that Swati is kidnapped by Durga and he requires the Idol in an hour in order to set Swati free. Thus Surya calls Shankar and comes to know by him that the Idol is in Novotel after he gave his half note. Jogi then calls Shankar to bring ₹50 million if he needs the other half to Novotel. Meanwhile, Vijji seduces the African, ties his hands with a tight shirt and gets the locker code and flees away with the Idol. Surya after trashing the other in the same way comes to know about the Locker code, goes to the room only to find an empty locker and being chased by the African Duo with Guns in their hands.
At the cellar of Novotel Shankar gets his half note and shows the ₹50 million cash in a bag. In no time the trio, ignorant of the presence of the bag in the car, get into it along with Vijji and go away. Shankar chases them in his car, Jogi chases them in his friend's car, the African Duo chase them in a car which they get by threatening the owner of it to vacate. Bhanu snatches the Idol from Vijji and leaves her away on the road. Surya is summoned by Durga to Dog House to give the Idol and take Swati away. The cars of Surya, Shankar, Jogi, African Duo, Minister reach there and all of them enter the Dog House. The Professional Killers, who robbed Durga's car in the past are employed by the Minister to kill Durga, reach there and wait outside for the right time. Here, Surya is aimed by Shankar by a Gun who inturn is aimed by Jogi with a Gun. Jogi is aimed by the African Duo who are inturn aimed by Durga. Durga is aimed by a Gangster who inturn is aimed by Durga's henchman. The Minister who enters at this point is aimed by Shankar with his second gun, forming a nearly completed circle.
The killers enter the room and in a chaos, every one is killed except the trio, Swati, Durga and one of the Africans. The African and Durga shoot each other fatally and the trio along with Swati flee away with the Idol. In the journey to home, Swati declares her love for Surya to her mother in his presence. Meanwhile, the tyre gets punctured and the trio get down to check the tyre. But in the car's Decklid they find the bag containing ₹50 million. The trio jump in joy while Swati is ignorant of this and remains normal. The Idol is sent back to Anantha Padmanabha Swamy Temple and the film ends with Surya trying to secure a job in HP before Swati's parents return.