Gumnaam

Khanna is a wealthy man who hires an assassin to murder the wealthy Sohanlal through a staged car accident. He conveys the news of Sohanlal's death to the latter's niece Asha.
Days later, Asha wins a trip to an island in a lucky draw with six others: Barrister Rakesh, Dharamdas, Kishan, Dr. Acharya, Madhusudan Sharma and Kitty Kelly. They travel to the island in a chartered aircraft. The plane is forced to make an emergency landing and the pilot instructs the passengers to disembark with their luggage. The aircraft takes off leaving the passengers stranded, along with Anand, a member of the aircraft crew, who denies any knowledge of why they were marooned. They suddenly hear a woman's voice singing an ominous song.
They proceed to the mansion where they are supposed to stay, where Dharamdas later finds a diary. Anand reads aloud the diary's contents to everyone, which reveals that they are all connected to a crime and are responsible for it. The writer of the diary says that he is going to kill all of them - one each day. The mansion's butler claims that he knows nothing about the "ghost" woman who sings the ominous song.
As everybody retires to their rooms, Anand spies on them and finds that Dr. Acharya has brought along a bottle of poison and that Dharamdas has a revolver. Kishan catches him in the act, but does nothing. Meanwhile, the butler, too, acts suspiciously and his actions prove that there is at least one more person in the house.
The next day, Kishan spots a ship and tries to send a distress signal with the help of Kitty and Dr. Acharya, but in vain. Meanwhile, Anand starts flirting with Asha. Rakesh and Kitty also take a shine for each other. Although everyone is suspicious of each other, Rakesh's prime suspect is Anand. That night, Kishan is murdered and Anand and Asha find his corpse. The killer has left a note that reads that Kishan was the contract killer who murdered Sohanlal. It becomes clear that everyone in the house was connected with Sohanlal in one way or another. The group deduces that Dharamdas is the one who killed Kishan. He pleads innocence, upon which Sharma asks everybody to give him one day to prove his innocence. The next night Dharamdas is found dead by Anand and Asha. Anand concludes that the culprit was within the group, while Rakesh believes that Dharamdas was poisoned by the doctor.
Kitty is revealed to be Sohanlal's personal secretary, Rakesh the lawyer, who had created Sohanlal's will on Khanna's orders. It is also revealed that Kitty sent the papers of the will to Rakesh as instructed by Khanna, although neither knew about each other. Asha has her own suspicions on Anand, who clams up when she asks him for information about himself. Anand spots Rakesh hiding an axe. Dr. Acharya soon arrives screaming that Sharma has been killed. It is apparent that Sharma was axed to death. The killer has left another note stating that Sharma was Khanna's co-conspirator in Sohanlal's murder.
Anand accuses Rakesh of Sharma's murder, while Rakesh is now unsure of Anand's guilt. Dr. Acharya later catches the butler engaging in a suspicious activity, indicating that he has learnt the butler's secret. A scuffle between the two follows. As the doctor enters the dining room and collapses before Asha and Kitty, they realise that he has been stabbed to death. Right before his death he utters Anand's name. Rakesh now believes that Anand is the killer, but the latter denies it. Asha, who begins to question her faith in Anand, ends up drinking with Kitty. Anand and Asha argue over this.
The next day Rakesh advises Asha to not to go alone anywhere. Asha tells him that she has been searching for Kitty. Sensing something to be amiss, they start looking for her. Kitty has gone for a swim, but senses that she is not alone. She starts to flee, but the unseen killer corners her and hangs her from a tree. Rakesh and Asha arrive at the scene too late, but his suspicion is confirmed on spotting Anand's hat near Kitty's corpse. Rakesh sees Anand and starts chasing him, but loses his trail. In a fit of rage, Rakesh returns to the mansion and tries to rape Asha. She escapes, but runs into Rakesh again just as he is collapsing, revealing two daggers that have pierced into his chest. The lights in the mansion go out indicating that the killer has arrived and that she is the next target.
As the killer approaches Asha, she faints. He carries her into a secret room in the mansion and revives her. Madhusudan Sharma, who is the killer, tells her that owing to Anand's growing suspicion of him, he convinced Dr. Acharya to help fake his own death. To avoid leaving a trail, he also murdered the doctor before resuming his killing spree. Anand appears on the scene and reveals that he is a police inspector, while Sharma is an escaped convict named Madanlal.
Sharma, also known as Madanlal, overpowers Anand and Asha and ties them up. Madanlal recounts his story: Khanna, Sohanlal and he were partners in smuggling. When Madanlal was caught by the police, the other two convinced him to take all the blame. After Madanlal was convicted and jailed, Sohanlal raped his sister and she later committed suicide. Sohanlal and Khanna also killed Madanlal's brother. Khanna had Sohanlal killed to usurp the latter's money. Every person Madanlal had killed so far was involved in the plan to murder Sohanlal. The "ghost" singing the ominous song is revealed to be the butler's mentally ill sister. Madanlal killed Khanna and ensured that his targets "won" the lucky draw.
Madanlal plays a game of Russian Roulette with Anand and Asha, while the butler stealthily frees Anand. When it becomes obvious that Asha will get the bullet, Anand suddenly attacks Madanlal. In the melee that ensues, Madanlal escapes from the mansion and runs towards the shore. An aircraft full of policemen arrives and Madanlal is promptly arrested. Anand, Asha, the butler and his sister also leave on the aircraft.