Then Nilavu

A man named Raj meets a girl named Shanti at a cricket match in Madras, and falls in love with her. Shanti does not reciprocate his love, and leaves for her home place Bangalore. Shanti's father Sokkalingam, a widower, marries Thangam. They decide to go to Kashmir for their honeymoon, and Shanti also wants to come. A friend of Sokkalingam suggests an alliance between Shanti and his nephew Raj who is now in Madras. Raj-2 ditches his wife Lalitha (who he had secretly married) when he learns of this proposed alliance and leaves for Bangalore, but misses the train. Just then Raj-1 arrives in Bangalore for a different reason, and Sokkalingam mistakes him for his friend's nephew. Sokkalingam and Thangam leave for Kashmir along with Raj-1 and Shanti, who still dislikes Raj-1, but eventually returns his love.
Raj-2 reaches Kashmir in search for Sokkalingam. Lalitha, fearing the safety of her husband, also reaches Kashmir in search for him. She meets Raj-1 and stays in his house. Lalitha meets Sokkalingam and tells that she is married to "Raj". Sokkalingam misinterprets this as Raj-1 and fires him as Shanti's manager. Meanwhile Raj-2 meets Sokkalingam and explains everything, therefore he replaces Raj-1 as Shanti's manager, despite Shanti's dislike for him. Shanti later learns that Lalitha is Raj-2's wife and reconciles with Raj-1, while Sokkalingam and Thangam are still unaware.
Raj-2 learns that Shanti loves Raj-1, and becomes jealous. At the same time, he meets Lalitha who he orders to return, else she will be killed. Lalitha flees, but secretly writes a letter to him showing her affection. Raj-2, touched by the letter, decides to take Lalitha on a boat ride, but has another plan: to kill Lalitha and frame Raj-1. When she joins Raj-2 on the boat ride, he forcefully rides the boat, causing her to fall into the lake. Subsequently, he frames Raj-1. Sokkalingam files a complaint about Lalitha's murder to the Kashmir Police, and soon they chase Raj-1, who elopes with Shanti — his only testimony of innocence.
Raj-1 and Shanti run into a forest for shelter, where they discover that Lalitha is still alive, but kept under custody by a group of terrorists. Raj-1 and Shanti are also put into the same prison as Lalitha, who reveals what happened: she was washed ashore and was discovered by one of the terrorists. He started torturing her, and she pushed him off the cliff to his death, hence imprisoned for murder. Suddenly, a gypsy dancer from the terrorist group helps them escape secretly. But by the time they escape, the nearby guards see them and start shooting at them. The three escape onto a boat, but the boat develops a crack and starts drowning, leading to Raj-1's separation from Lalitha and Shanti. When he swims to the shore, the police capture him.
During Raj-1's trial in the high court, Shanti and Lalitha arrive, leading to his acquittal. But the letter Lalitha wrote to her husband is discovered and after reading the last line (in which Lalitha advised her husband to kill her if wanted), the court suspects Raj-2 of the attempted murder. Lalitha saves him by claiming that she fell by herself into the lake, and does not reveal Raj-2 as her husband. The case is dismissed, and Sokkalingam and Thangam continue their honeymoon.