Pichaikkaran

Arul Selvakumar (Vijay Antony) is a rich businessman based out of Palladam, Tirupur district. His mother Bhuvaneshwari (Dheepa Ramanujam) is the person behind the growth of their textile business following her husband’s early death. Avinashi (Muthuraman) is her brother-in-law who is money minded and has plans to grab Arul’s properties. Arul returns from abroad after graduation and takes charge of all the business responsibilities from his mother. In the meantime, Bhuvaneshwari meets with an accident in the factory and falls into a coma with all the efforts taken by Arul goes in vain to cure her. Finally, Arul meets a Swamiji who suggests that Arul should lead a life of a beggar for 48 days and this would help his mother to recover. He also says that Arul should never reveal this to anyone.
Arul accepts and goes to Chennai to beg without informing any one and only his friend Rajesh (Bagavathi Perumal) knows the truth as he has been asked to look after the business until he comes back. Arul sits along with a few other beggars in front of a temple and starts begging. He meets Magizhini (Satna Titus) and develops affection seeing her good nature. Actually Arul and his mother had initially decided to approach Magizhini for an alliance through a matrimonial site. Magizhini also encounters Arul in a few situations and likes his character not knowing that he is a beggar. Avinashi tries to take over Arul’s businesses as both Arul and his mother are unavailable now. Magizhini finds out that Arul is a beggar and gets angry thinking Arul has cheated her but still could not avoid him as she is impressed more by his good nature. One day Magizhini’s mother sees Arul’s photo in her laptop and says that he is a rich businessman and also she had sent her photos to him through matrimony website a few months back. Magizhini is shocked hearing this and goes to meet Arul where she overhears the conversation between Arul and Rajesh which makes her realise Arul’s life as a beggar is to save his mother and she is impressed a lot seeing his good nature. Magizhini decides not to disturb Arul until his life as a beggar is complete.
Meanwhile, there is a group of doctors who manage a mental health centre but they use the patients admitted in the hospital for medical experiments and Arul gets to know this with the help of a beggar who stays there pretending as a mentally challenged girl. Knowing this, the doctors approach a gang asking them to murder Arul. Arul manages to escape from the gang. On the last day as a beggar, Arul is spotted by Avinashi and he tries to kill him but accidentally, Magizhini gets stabbed on her neck and is admitted to hospital. But Arul is unable to pay the hospital expenses as his last day as a beggar is not yet complete. His beggar friends come up with some money to help Arul. Avinashi is arrested by police.
Arul gets back after 48 days along with Rajesh to visit his mother and comes to know that there is no improvement in her health. Arul holds his mother’s hands and begs to live for long. Suddenly he sees his mother’s hands moving and holding his hand. After six months, his mother is recovered and both Arul and Magizhini get married to each other. A beggar begs to Arul in front of a temple but Arul gets busy with a phone call not noticing the beggar. Arul’s mother gives money to the beggar and informs Arul that life of a beggar is so pathetic and we should never hurt them. She also says that people like us cannot lead a beggar’s lifestyle even a single day. Arul apologises for not noticing the beggar to his mother and the film ends there signalling that Arul’s mother never came to know about her son’s struggle as a beggar to bring her back to normal life. Magizhini feels very proud about her husband Arul.