Serndhu Polama

The movie starts of with Kumaran (Thambi Ramiah) telling his wife that he is going to a temple. Actually he spend 2 days of each month with women he meets on the internet. His old fashioned Hep wife doesn't suspect anything. while he is driving he finds Abishek(Vinay) unconscious on the road.
Abishek then tells his story to Kumaran on how he ended up on the road. Abishek is a disheveled photographer who meets up with his friend who is a florist.
There, he sees Julie(Preethi Christina) who is shopping and is in a hurry. She asks Abishek to drive her around for the day for 500 dollars. He agrees and borrows his friends car for the day.
At the end of the day, Julie invites him, a man she has no clue about, into her house and asks him to make coffee. While he is making coffee, she gets dressed and asks him to zip her dress up for her. It is revealed that Julie wants to be a model for the Vogue magazine and she was meant to be meeting a famous fashion photographer for an opportunity. She then instructs Abishek to drive to the photographer's house.
Once they reach their destination, Abishek reveals that he is the well known photographer she was going to see. They fall in love. A montage song shows them travelling together all over New Zealand.
Julie's parents find out and as they don't approve of their relationship, they decide to get her married by force.
Meanwhile, Abishek's childhood friend Sherin sees a picture in an art gallery and tells the manager about abishek, his friends, her childhood. Sherin spots a heartbroken Abishek drunk in a bar and escorts him to a hotel. There are some awkward circumstances between them but Abishek tells her full story once he is sober.
Sherin talks about her dead brother murder that happened in their "secret place" and pretends to help Abishek get Julie back. However, Sherin is convinced that Abishek murdered her brother because he was the last person to see him at the secret place and wants to avenge him.
The story cuts back to the present day where Kumaran is seen together in bed with a woman and leaves hurriedly when her husband returns. Sherin and Abishek try to find Julie but they are in no hurry. then Sherin meets Julie and tells Abishek to forget her.