The Long Good Friday

A man named Colin delivers money to an unknown destination in Belfast, taking some of the cash in the process. Once the money is delivered, the recipients realise they've been ripped off but are suddenly attacked and killed. Soon afterwards, the delivery driver is kidnapped and killed while Colin is murdered whilst swimming.
Harold Shand, a London gangster, is aspiring to become a legitimate businessman and is trying to form a partnership with the American Mafia, with a plan to redevelop London Docklands. Shand's world is suddenly destabilized by a series of unexplained murders and bomb attacks. He and his henchmen try to uncover his attackers' identities whilst simultaneously trying not to worry their visitors, fearing the Americans will abandon him if they think he's not in full control. Harold's girlfriend, Victoria, tells the Mafia representatives Shand is under attack from an unknown enemy but assures them Shand is working to quickly resolve the crisis. She starts to suspect Harold's right hand man, Jeff, knows more about who is behind the attacks. Unnerved, Jeff tries to prevent people talking through intimidation.
After some further detective work, Harold confronts Jeff who confesses he sent Harold's friend Colin to Belfast to deliver money raised by Irish Navvies to the IRA. He explains that on the same night three of the IRA's top men were killed shortly after discovering some of the money had been stolen. Harold realizes the IRA have come to the conclusion that he sold them out to the security forces and pocketed the stolen money for himself. Vowing to destroy the terrorist organisation in London, Harold loses his temper and kills Jeff with a broken whisky bottle.
Harold sets up a meeting with the IRA's London leadership. He ostensibly offers them £60,000 in return for a ceasefire but double crosses them, having them shot as they are counting the money. With the top men now dead, Harold believes his problem is solved. He travels to the Savoy Hotel to share this good news with his Mafia partners only to find the Americans are preparing to leave, having been spooked by the recent attacks. In response to their derisory comments about the UK, Harold berates the Americans for their arrogance and cowardice, telling them he has lost all respect for the Mafia and that he intends to go into partnership with a German organisation instead.
Leaving the hotel, Shand steps into his chauffeur-driven car only to find it has been commandeered by IRA assassins. As the car speeds to an unknown destination, Shand contemplates the inevitability of his fate.