Sethupathi

Sethupathi (Vijay Sethupathi) is an honest police inspector from Madurai who is awaiting his promotion to ACP. He takes up a case involving the murder of a Sub-inspector named Subburaj. Subburaj was hacked to death by some thugs while on duty, but he was not the target. The actual target was another sub-inspector Kanagavel, who works in the police station where Sethupathi is the inspector. Kanagavel was off-duty on the day he was supposed to be murdered and Subburaj, who is attached to another police station, was filling in for him. Sethupathi finds out that an influential don and politician Vaathiyar (Vela Ramamoorthy) is behind the murder. Kanagavel is married to Vaathiyar's daughter, but it is an unhappy marriage. Therefore, Vaathiyar had decided to kill Kanagavel. Sethupathi arrests Vaathiyar during a temple festival and forces him to travel to Chennai to apply for bail, earning his enmity.
Later, Sethupathi interrogates two adolescent school boys on the grounds of chain-snatching. When they don't speak up, Sethupathi threatens to shoot them on the count of five. At the fifth count, he shoots one of the boys, leaving him critically injured. Sethupathi is charged with attempt-to-murder and is suspended. However, Sethupathi had no intention of shooting either of the boys and realises that someone had unlocked his gun, which he had thought was locked. He soon finds out that Kanagavel is responsible for unlocking his gun. Kanagavel unlocked the gun and replaced the bullets with dummy ones as part of a plan to put Vaathiyar in jail for life so that he will be free to reconcile with his wife. Sethupathi and his senior official appear before an enquiry to prove his innocence. However, one of the members of the enquiry panel is an ally of Vaathiyar and she tries to influence the panel against Sethupathi, but her double-game is soon exposed and Sethupathi is cleared of all charges. Sethupathi's troubles are still not over; Vaathiyar burns Kanagavel alive and starts targeting Sethupathi and his family. Sethupathi overcomes all the hurdles put by Vaathiyar and his henchmen. Vaathiyar then decides to silence Sethupathi once and for all by sending his henchmen to kill Sethupathi's wife (Remya Nambeesan) and his two children, but Sethupathi's son, who is aware of police work, drives away the henchmen with the help of his father. Infuriated with the failed attempt, Vaathiyar instructs his men to kill the school boy injured by Sethupathi and put the blame on him. However, Sethupathi, aware of Vaathiyar's plan, guards the hospital where the boy is admitted and saves him from Vaathiyar's henchmen.
With Sethupathi returning to work, Vaathiyar's henchmen accept defeat and warn Vaathiyar to leave Madurai for good, but he does not take heed. The film ends with Sethupathi killing Vaathiyar by setting his house on fire.