Devi Putrudu

The movie begins with a voice explaining the submersion of Dwaraka village in the sea because of a huge tsunami, then jumps to 5000 years ahead and starts with Krishna (Venkatesh), doing pranks in Bombay and earn living with petty thefts. Satyavathi (Anjala Zaveri) is a foreign returned girl and she comes to know that her elder sister Karuna (Soundarya) got married to an archaeologist when she visits the archaeological site of Dwaraka. Satyavathi decides to visit Dwaraka to meet her sister. As Satyavathi comes out of the airport of Bombay to go to Dwaraka, Krishna meets her as the taxi driver of Satyavathi hired thinking that she has valuable diamonds with her. On the way, he realizes that she is not the one who was supposed to have carried diamonds and decides to dump her and come back to Bombay. But the destiny has other plans.This makes Krishna goes to Dwaraka. There he gets chased by some baddies after eating in a hotel. After escaping the baddies, he meets up with a cute little friend called Paapa. She has mystical powers, she knows that he had fallen in love with Satyavathi and asks him to tell that to her. One day, Sathya tells Krishna about her sister after she is saved by Krishna, he tells Sathya that he will find the mystery of her sister's missing. Things turn spooky when he enters her sister's house. Suddenly, Paapa, the cute little girl whom he had met before appears in front of him, she tells him about the history and mystery of the house.
Balaram (again Venkatesh) was an atheist. He believes more in the power of science than that of God. There she meets up with a damsel called Karuna (Soundarya) and they fall in love, get married and Karuna gets pregnant. There used to be a kind of catastrophe in the sea adjoining the Dwaraka every Amavasya, which generates a huge amount of torque. Balaram believes that there is a mystery behind that's a strange thing in the sea. With unremitting attention to his purpose and frustrated by the lack of initiative on the part of the government, he jumps into the sea during one Amavasya and comes back with a huge archaic metal box that has all kinds of marks and an embossed Trishulam. There is a bunch of foreigners who are after that mystical box. One day, the box opens itself and Balaram sees that and realizes that it is not an ordinary metal box but a storehouse of a mysterious force that would destroy the world if not put back in its place. But the baddies, who want to have power over the universe, did not allow him. They torture both Balaram and Karuna asking them to give the box. In the meantime, Balaram brings the box to put it back in its place but gets a phone call from the foreigner to bring the box back if he wants to save his wife. In the state of shock that his wife is in danger, the box falls in an underground cave.Yet he rushes back to his house to save his wife but realizes that his friend has also joined hands with the foreigner. This leads to a fight in which Balaram is killed after he falls off a hill. Before his death, he tells his wife the location of the box and asks her to put it back in its place.
Krishna now owes revenge against them and fools them into getting Karuna out of the Foreigners den. He rushes to the underground cave along with all others to find the case. But the Foreigners arrive and again there is a fight. In the meantime, the foreigners try to escape with the box but there are stopped by the girl Paapa. They use the help of a Fakir to get rid of her. The Fakir imprisons the girl in a small bottle. Again Krishna arrives and makes the trio along with the box to fall off a cliff but they end up surviving. Before Krishna is able to recover the trio (the foreigner, the Fakir and Balaram's friend) fight for the box. The box itself opens and a goddess in her most anger state comes out and kills the trio and their people and goes back into the box.The box is then shown to be put back in its rightful place by Krishna and the other people. The dog Striker brings the bottle with the girl in it, but the girl is sucked back to the afterlife's place (heaven or hell). The film ends with the birth of a baby between Krishna and Sathya which had the same birthmark as that of the girl Paapa.