Charana Daasi

The film is based on two couples – where the first couple Dr. Chandra Shekar (N. T. Rama Rao) & Parvathi (Anjali Devi) and the second couple is Venu (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) & Lakshmi (Savitri). Venu & Lakshmi are love birds. But Venu is summoned and asked to marry another girl forcibly. Since his father's life & honor are at stake, Venu agrees to the marriage. Simultaneously another marriage takes place in the same village it's Dr. Chandra Shekar's best friend's sister marriage and he visits it. But the marriage cancels in the last moment due to dowry problems to keep up his friend's prestige Shekar marriage's his sister Parvathi. Due to sudden marriage, the couple doesn't see each other. Thereby because marriage is happening without his wish Venu also not seen the bride's face. Both the bridal parties traveling on the same train which run into a disastrous accident. In the accident Venu's parents and wife are dead. Parvathi was lying unconscious in bridal dress. Venu mistakes her as his wife and takes her to home. Shekar thinks that both his friend & wife are dead. Before it is too late Venu realizes his terrible mistake. He keeps it secret from Parvathi and engaged himself in the relentless task of finding Parvathi's husband to restore them. Before he could succeed there arises clashes between Venu & Lakshmi because she mistakes Parvathi as his wife. Parvathi also comes to know the truth and fled from Venu's house with shame & agony, She fells into a river and fate again intervened to save by her own mother-in-law and lands in her husband Shekar's house. Living in her in-law's she is not able to reveal her identity because of a hesitation that Shekar may doubt her chastity. Parallelly, fate again snatched Lakshmi gets mentally sick because of the cheating made by Venu and she is admitted in Shekar's hospital during the time of treatment Lakshmi, Shekar, and their families come closer. Their parents want to make marriage to Shekar & Lakshmi. Parvathi also happily agrees to make re-marriage to her husband. During the time engagement, Venu arrives and reveals entire truth. Shekar also accepts Parvathi holy heartedly and both of them thanks, Venu. Lakshmi also says sorry to Venu. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Venu & Lakshmi.