Sadhurangam

A middle class Orthodox Brahmin family mother Pandari Bai has two sons, Sundaresan(Rajinikanth) and Ram Kumar(Sreekanth). Her both sons most loved for his mother. Sundaresan works at Charted Accountant. He is a straightforward and sincerely quiet man. so, his colleagues was teasing him. Younger brother Ram Kumar studied at a college, but he is very arrogant and misbehaves with the college girls, teased professors.He was come class to irregularly and not interested his studies. Thengai Srinivasan is a widower and son-in-law of Pandari Bai and Uncle of Sundaresan and Ram Kumar. He have sister.She is name Meenakshi(Prameela). She is dreaming of marrying a rich man, but as they are ask more dowry. finally, Pandari Bai decides Meenakshi get married for elder son Sundaresan. Uma(Jayachitra) was a bold girl. Sambantham(Y. G. Mahendran) was interested with her. Sambantham was give love letter to uma, but Uma and her friends was racked and sambantham was complained to his friend ram kumar. Ram kumar and sambantham friends are come to Sheriff Iyer house and complaint to his daughter Uma .She was foe of Ram Kumar. Uma was not respect with Ram kumar complaint.So, Ram told to his friend sambantham forgot your love. The Next day Ram Kumar spoils both their names writing by wall badly in the college compound wall about Uma. The rumor was spread to entire college. So, Uma decides to marry him. Uma and her father comes to Ram Kumar's house and tell lies to his mother. ram kumar and uma love each other. Pandari Bai makes Ram Kumar tie "Thali" . Uma is a rich girl and daughter of Sheriff Iyer(V. K. Ramasamy). So, Meenakshi develops jealousy on Uma. After Ramkumar marriage Sunderasan behavior changes on forced his wife Meenakshi. Sundaresan goes to wrong path and worked on illegally to Soma Sudaram(S. V. Ramadoss). Ram Kumar was dismissed from college. so his not able to write exam. So, Ram works as house broker and with his get salary buys gifts for his family members except Uma. Because he must avoid her. Ram Kumar was mostly hated his wife Uma. But Uma try to her husband was goes to high position and correcting for his bad behaviors. Ram was changed totally and look like a new man. Meenakshi and Uma goes to temple at the time Masilamani (V. Gopalakrishnan) met meenakshi and he give some files and told it was corrected sudaresan for immediately. Uma heard the news and she was found the all truth of hidden secrets of Sundaresan and told her mother-in-law Pandari Bai. Pandari Bai was angry with her son Sundaresan,and requested he leave the illegal work. But Meenakshi was argue to her mother-in-law and decided we goes to neutral family and come from new house. After Sundaresan activities was goes crudely, he was ever heavily drinking and smoking and goes to night clubs. And Sundaresan not spending time for his wife. Then, Ram Kumar Was accepted Uma for as heart and soul, they life was goes to calmly and happy. Then Meenakshi was felt to Sundaresan. He was totally changed reasonable for her jealous character only so, she was cried. Sundaresan Mother Pandari Bai was die bedded Uma was told to Meenakshi. Meenakshi wakeup Sundaresan but he is not steadily. Sundaresan was heavily drinking and flatted to bed. Then Ram Kumar was do the ritual event. Finally, Sundaresan was feel about his mother death and goes to police station approve his all crime and illegal activities and surrendered.