Premam

In 2000, George Kalaparambath (Nivin Pauly), a 16-year-old pre-degree student, develops unrequited love for Mary (Anupama Parameswaran), the prettiest girl in his area, a small region of Aluva. George and his friends Shambu (Shabareesh Varma) and Koya (Krishna Shankar) often follow around Mary in an attempt to talk to her. One day, George decides to propose to Mary, but he is afraid of her father who has a notoriety of beating up boys trying to woo his daughter. Nonetheless, every time he gathers the courage to talk to her, something or the other comes up and George ends up disappointed. He is eventually heartbroken to know that Mary is in a relationship with another boy, also named George. The seriousness of life finally sinks in when George, Shambu, and Koya introspect about their academic future after a dismal performance in their year-end examination.
Five years later, in 2005, George and his friends enroll into college. One day, while on a ragging streak, George and his friends meet Malar (Sai Pallavi), a new lecturer in their college, who happens to be Tamilian. George instantly falls for her and seemingly gets her to feel the same about him. Convinced that they are in love with each other, he extends their relationship and contemplate marriage. Simultaneously, George's college teacher Vimal Sir (Vinay Forrt) also falls for her and tries to woo her with help from his friend, a PT teacher (Soubin Shahir). Later that year, Malar goes to visit her family in Kodaikanal, accompanied by her cousin, Arivazhagan (Ananth Nag). Weeks later, it is announced in the college that Malar had an accident and that consequentially she had been relieved from her post. George and his friends immediately ride to Kodaikanal to meet Malar. It is when Malar fails to recognize George, that he loses all hope and spirals into a state of desolation and trauma. Apparently, Malar had lost memories of her relationship with George due to injuries she suffered in the accident. Malar eventually gets married to Arivazhagan, by her mother, who was worrying who would accept her daughter in such a state.
In 2014, George, now in his early 30s, runs a cafe, with his childhood friend Jojo (Willson Joseph) as his assistant. George meets 22-year-old Celine (Madonna Sebastian) in his cafe and feels an affinity towards her, not knowing that she is the same girl who used to walk home from school with Mary every day. Despite the age difference, George decides to propose Celine, but is again crestfallen when he learns that she is about to get engaged to a man named Roney Varghese (Alphonse Putharen). Roney is a cocaine-addict who continuously insults Celine, which result in the engagement being called off. Roney's obsessive behavior in pestering Celine upsets George, and in response, teams up with his friends and beats up Roney at his dilapidated hangout.
Finally, George marries Celine. During their wedding reception, Malar arrives with her husband and congratulates the bride and groom for their union. It is revealed that Celine called Malar herself, in an attempt to offer closure to George. As she leaves the event, it is revealed that Malar had regained her memory after recovering from the impact of the accident. This is showcased when her husband asks her as to why she did not reveal to George that she had regained her memory, to which she answers that George was happy with Celine and she needed to let things be the way they were.