Krodham

Prem (Prem Menon) is an architect living in Chennai city with his wife Indhu(Anjali) and sister Subha(Chithra) and her husband Siva (Sridhar). The film begins with scenes of a recent outing Prem and their family and had taken to restratant. Oneday, Indhu and Subha are followed from Shopping mall by two thugs who invade the house posing as delivery mans. They fatally injure indhu and sexually assault Subha.
After his wife's funeral in Connecticut during a snowstorm and shortly following, his return to work. Prem's boss gives him an extended business vocation, and he files to Mysore district, Karnataka to meet a client Kavitha(Rani Padmini) and his father (K. A. Thangavelu). While working Mysore district, Prem witnesses a mock gunfight at Mysore, a reconstructed western frontier town used a movie set. A few days later while he is working late at office. Prem invited to dinner by Kavitha's father at his gun club. At the gun club, Kavitha's father is impressed when prem shoots with near accuracy at the targets. Prem had been taught to handle firearms at a young age by his father, who was hunter, but after his father was killed in a hunting accident Prem decided to swear his mother never to use guns again. After Prem makes improvements to Kavitha's father plans for residential development a thoroughly pleased Kavitha drives Prem. Back to the Mysore district Airport with a gift, which he places into prem checked luggage.
Back in Chennai city, Prem learns from his brother-in-law Siva(Sridhar) that his sister is severely depressed from the Trauma of the assault Prem visits his Sister, who is now Catatonic at the hospital. Heartbroken, Prem and his brother-in-law have his sister committed to a mental hospital on Brooklyn United States of America for intensive treatment. Late upon his return to Chennai city, he opens his suitcase and discovers that Kavitha's Father gift was a nickel-plated .32 Colt Police positive revolver, places it into his overcoat and takes a late night stroll. Prem encounters a mugger, an ex-convict, who attempts to rob two women at knife-point. Prem Shoot muggers with the revolver Kavitha's father had give him.
Shocked that he just killed a human being, Prem runs home and throws up. But motivated by his desire for revenge he continues to walk the city streets at night looking for violent criminals. The following night, Prem against deliberately walks through the city order to invite an attack. He guns down three muggers who are robbing a defenseless old man in an alley. A few night later, two muggers see Prem on a subway. They attempt to rob him at knife-point but prem shoots them both with his revolver.
On another night, Prem sits as bait in a sleazy Restaurant Coffee shop surrounded by Prostitutes and assorted street people. He pays his bill to the cashier, purposely revealing a wallet full of cash. He leaves followed by two thugs, who have taken the bait. Ye he again a robbers attempt is made. Prem shoots one but other manages to stab him in his shoulder. As a wounded Prem stumbles off, the one who stabbed him runs away but he is mortally shot, later dying at a hospital.
Inspector Prasad(S. A. Ashokan) investigates the vigilante killings. His department narrows it down to a list to men who have had a family members recently killed by muggers and who are war veterans. The public meanwhile, is happy that somebody doing something about crime. Prasad soon suspects Prem. He is about to make an arrest when the district Chennai intervenes and tells Prasad to "let him loose in another city instead". The D. A. and the police commissioner do not want the fact to get out that street crimes in Chennai city has dropped dramatically. Since Prem become vigilante. And they fear that if he isn't stopped the whole city will explode into anarchy. Prasad doen't like the idea, but relents, Prasad says that he will try to "Scare him off".
Prem shoots two muggers on the stairs before wounded by a third mugger with a M1911A1 pistol at a ware house. His gun is discovered by a young patrolman who hands it to Inspector Prasad, who tells him to forget that he even saw it and additionally tells the press that the wounded Prem is just another mugging victim. Hospitalised, Prem is ordered by Prasad to leave Chennai city permanently. Prasad tells Prem to have his company transfer him to another city in exchange. Prasad will dispose of Prem's revolver. As Prasad walks out of Prem's hospital room, Prem replies, "By sundown?"
Prem arrives in Egmore Railway Station by train. Being greeted by a company representative, he notices a group of hoodlums harassing a young woman. He excuses himself and helps the woman. The hoodlums make obscene gestures, but Prem point his right hand like a gun and smiles, suggesting that his vigilantism will continue.