Main Khiladi Tu Anari

One of the most respected inspectors, Arjun Joglekar (Mukesh Khanna) is killed by drug dealer and gangster, Goli (Shakti Kapoor). Mona (Shilpa Shetty), a cabaret singer and Goli's mistress, agrees to testify against Goli and is placed into witness protection by Inspector Karan (Akshay Kumar), Arjun's younger brother, who aims to fight any injustice and avenge his brother's murder. When Goli finds out about Mona's forthcoming testimonial which would expose his real identity, he tracks her down and kills her.
Deepak Kumar (Saif Ali Khan), who is the most romantic actor around, is frustrated with his roles and for being type-cast as a romantic hero. He would like to do something different and bring some change and excitement to his dull and boring existence. To change his monotonous life, he gets drunk and drives around. He is arrested by the police, and brought to his rowdy producer. This is where he meets Karan and is very impressed with his assertiveness, courage, and honesty; Deepak would like to study his behaviour so that he can use this as a background for his next movie.
Karan meets Basanti, who looks identical to Mona. He tells Deepak to hang around him if Deepak can get Basanti to act as Mona. Deepak trains Basanti and presents the new "Mona" to Karan. Karan places Basanti at the Moonlight Hotel as an amnesiac Mona, where she can report on Goli's criminal activities. That's how they uncover Goli eventually. While Karan and Basanti fall in love with each other, Deepak falls in love with Karan's sister, Shivangi, which makes Karan mad and he tries to get rid of Deepak Kumar, for which Deepak Kumar reminds Karan that he wanted to hang around with him because he wanted to learn what it is like be a cop, and apologises for loving his sister Shivangi, which makes Karan guilty and tries to win back Deepak Kumar for his sister and Mother-in-Law.
At the end, Karan avenges the death of his brother by killing Goli.
The massive success of this film, along with Akshay Kumar's other hits of 1994 like Mohra, Suhaag and Elaan, catapulted him to the top rung of Bollywood's leading men and cemented his status as a bankable star. Akshay gained a considerable fan following, especially among the youth. He became renowned for his thrilling action scenes featuring martial arts and hand-to-hand combat; his daring stunts; his athletic dance moves and his rugged, macho good looks. [5] [6] [7]