Gomen-nasai

This movie is about a girl named Yuka. She attends the same school as a girl with black hair, named Kurohane. Kurohane is a strange girl with great grades in school. However, she has a hard life at home, because her mother and father do not care about her. They only care about her sister, Kana. One day, Kurohane found she had cancer, but still, her mother did not care, so she cursed her little sister Kana with words. Kana started having trouble breathing and died within a month. Kurohane tried the same with her mother but it did not work, so she entered a competition to improve her skills.
Her school life did not go so well because her class mates were mean to her. She saw her opportunity for revenge when she was selected to write a script for the school festival play. She started cursing her class mates one by one. The only one that realized the curse was Yuka. She tried to stop Kurohane, by talking to her, but it was useless. Kurohane's curse was also discovered by one classmate she wanted to kill, so Kurohane tried a different way to kill her. One day, that class mate that she wanted to kill transferred to another school, but appeared several days later to kill Kurohane, and then killed herself, not because she wanted to, but because she was cursed by Kurohane. At that point, Kurohane's curses were so strong that a person would lose command and kill herself. The new source Kurohane used was text messages. She also sent a text message to Yuka, but she never read it.
Time passed and Yuka was with her new classmates, telling them the story of Kurohane. They stole Yuka's cell phone and saw the text message Kurohane had sent to her, including Yuka. Then, one by one, Yuka's classmates started dying, leaving Yuka alone. And that is when she realizes that the way to save herself is to get more and more people to read the words of Kurohane. She killed people randomly, so Yuka wrote a short story with Kurohane's words in it and posted it online, increasing her time to live.