Tadakha

Sivarama Krishna (Sunil) and Karthik (Naga Chaitanya) are brothers, who are poles apart. Siva is a timid one while Karthik is a stronger and clever one. Both share a great bonding among themselves and their father (Nagendra Babu), who is a police officer, who later dies of Heart attack. Later on, Siva is forced by Karthik to join the police in the same post held by their deceased father, but in a different area. That place happens to be Vizag and Siva learns about Bagga (Ashutosh Rana) and Kaasi, who are two notorious gangsters ruling the city with an iron fist. However, Siva wins all the cases allotted to him as Karthik used to go for every mission in disguise. Soon, Siva marries Nandu (Andrea Jeremiah) while Karthik falls in Love with Nandu's sister Pallavi (Tamannaah), who accepts his love soon.
As everything goes well, Siva seizes the illegal load of Bagga which is highly precious, with the help of Karthik who bashes Bagga's men. Later on, Bagga comes to know that Karthik was behind the game with Siva as his puppet. Thus, after several attempts to threaten his family, Bagga attacks Siva during transporting his illegal load. Siva is almost beaten to death, only to be rescued by Karthik in time. While Bagga is filled with joy, Karthik motivates Siva to become strong and powerful. Under rigorous training from Karthik, Siva becomes quite strong, both physically and mentally, and starts opposing Bagga with an iron fist. During this time, Siva encounters Kaasi on road, thus infuriating Bagga. Bagga, along with Siva's superior, plans to kill the brothers. As a part of the plan, Siva's superior calls Siva to come to the port to defend Bagga. Karthik, who is being married to Pallavi, makes a call to Siva, only to know that he is with Bagga. Karthik reaches the spot, finds his Brother wounded and starts fighting with Bagga and his men. In no time, Siva regains consciousness and joins Karthik. In the end, Siva kills Bagga and vacates the place along with Karthik.