Yolki 6

High-school hipster Andrei (Daniela Vakhrushev) goes to the forest with his mother's boyfriend Yuri Semyonovich (Dmitry Nagiev), employee of the Ministry of Emergency Situations, to fetch a Christmas tree. In order to strengthen their new family, Yuri teaches the boy how to survive in the wild. Some of the dangers in the forest include NATO soldiers and bears.
Pregnant Marina (Yulia Aleksandrova) moonlights as Snow Maiden to earn enough money to be able to give birth in a paid hospital. Marina has broken up with the father of her unborn child because of his infidelity. She convinces a repairman from Kyrgistan to dress up as Santa Claus and help her in her Snow Maiden act. They travel around Nizhny Novgorod on a tractor. The "Snow Maiden" also ends up helping get a student's (Taisia Vilkova) life in order, who is also expecting.
Galya (Valentina Mazunina), an overweight airport employee, steals handcuffs from her policeman father. She is unrequitedly in love with Denis (Anton Bogdanov), an attractive doctor-intensivist. Denis is romantically involved with his beautiful co-worker, and is about to propose to her.
Galya decides to literally chain herself to Denis at his place of work so that they will never be apart. Denis calls the police, but the police officer who arrives to the scene, turns out to be Galya's father who refuses to remove the handcuffs. Denis' girlfriend ends up rejecting his marriage proposal, and advises him to pursue Galya instead. After all these misadventures, Denis starts to develop romantic feelings for Galya.
Evgeniy's (Sergei Svetlakov) apartment is burnt down when he attempts to bake for his family. Evgeniy, together with his family and the ill-fated bread machine, move in with his friend Boris (Ivan Urgant). The new inhabitants make a mess at the new apartment and everyone ends up feeling cramped. Evgeniy again tries to bake bread with disastrous results.
Schoolboy Yegor (Danil Muravyov-Izotov), brought up by his widowed father Viktor (Sergei Puskepalis), puts up a video online which goes viral; in it he expresses his wish to find a new mother. He runs away from his home in Khabarovsk and flies all the way to Moscow to meet with a possible candidate - Ksenia (Ekaterina Klimova), a sentimental news anchor from the NTV channel. Despite being engaged, she ends up developing romantic feelings for Yegor's father.