Ganga Manga

Ganga (Vanisri) is the rightful heir to a huge property who lost her parents when she was a child. She is grown up to be a shy and innocent girl who lives with her uncle (Relangi) and aunt (Surya Kantam). Every month their family lawyer comes to their home and handovers some money to Ganga. But Durga forcefully takes it from her and harass her by burdening with the household work. Durga's brother Bujji (Chandra Mohan) always has an eye on Ganga. Ganga's uncle tries to set up a marriage with Ravi (Sobhan Babu), who returns from foreign country after completing his medicine. Durga dresses up Ganga in modern clothes by force so that Ravi's family dislikes her. As a result, they return unhappy. Ganga's grand mother explains them what had happened, but they do not listen.
Manga (Vanisri) is a happy-go-lucky girl who makes a living with her street magic along with Koti (Krishna). They live with Manga's mother in a small hut.
Once Bujji tries to molest Ganga. When her grand mother tries stop it, he alleges that she tried to steal his purse, and beats her severely. In the struggle, her grand mother gets injured. She flees from the house unable to bear the torture. Ganapati and Durga complains to police about her. Meanwhile, Manga comes to police station in some other case. The police inspector mistakes Manga to be Ganga, and calls Ganapati to take her back. They take Manga to their home.
Meanwhile, Ganga feels deserted and tries to commit suicide by jumping into a river. Koti rescues her thinking that she is Manga and takes her to their house. Though Ganga explains that she is not Manga, they thought that she might have lost her mind because of the suicidal attempt. Once Ravi runs into Manga, and falls in love with her thinking that she is Ganga. He also explains his parents about what had happened when they went to see her for marriage proposal. Ravi's family agrees to his marriage with Manga. He informs the same with Ganapati. He is also happy that she is getting married to a good guy. Manga feels sad about Ganga's grand mother, and owes to take revenge on people who caused them trouble. Manga keeps everybody in control.
Koti is addicted to liquor because he was rejected by Manga earlier. Ganga came to know of this from Manga's mother and tries to be nice with him. Koti stops drinking. Arrangements are made such that Koti marries Ganga and Ravi marries Manga. But Bujji finds out that Ganga and Manga swapped their places and kidnaps Ganga. He also alleges that Manga killed Ganga. Manga had to surrender to police for the lack of evidence. Manga's mother reveals that Ganga and Manga are actually twins. She had separated her from their family. Koti and Ravi join hands to rescue Ganga and proves that Manga is innocent.