Ghanchakkar

'Sanju' (Emraan Hashmi) is an expert- master safe cracker who maintains a casual lifestyle with his wife Neetu (Vidya Balan).
He meets two criminals, Pandit and Idris and they offer him a chance to assist a bank robbery. If the heist is successful, they will ensure that he never has to worry about money again, so he accepts the offer.
The three thieves make off with 35 crore rupees.
After the bank robbery, Pandit decides that Sanju should keep the suitcase of money hidden (as Pandit and Idris already have record with the poilice) and that they will meet after three months and then they will spilt the money.
After three months, Pandit and Idris discovers that Sanjay lost his memory in an accident with head injury so Sanju is suffering with retrograde amnesia.
Pandit and Idris decide that they can not trust Sanju anymore, they need to keep a close eye on him incase he runs away- they will stay at Sanjay and Neetu's house until Sanjay remembers where he hid the money and to make sure they're not cheated and they give Sanjay --one week time.
Sanjay tries to remember where he hid the money but he can not.
When Sanjay learns that his college friend Uttam Nagpal (Parvin Dabas) has become an overnight millionaire, apparently by winning a lottery, he suspects Uttam.
Then, he suspects his wife Neetu of knowing the hiding place of the money because she has joint account with him and also sole-access to their bank-locker. He accuses her of conspiring with his friend.
Later, Sanju finds out that Uttam moves to London after being confronted about the money and also Sanjay finds out that Neetu has purchased a one-way ticket for London so he goes to buy a gun to kill his wife Neetu in anger.
While he is doing this, an unknown person contacts Sanjay and urges him to divulge the location of the money.
Under pressure and now frustrated, Pandit and Idris kidnap Neetu and ask Sanjay to meet them in a train station, on the third platform at 1:30am.
When both Pandit and Idris confront Sanjay and demand the money, Sanjay claims that he doesn't even recognise the two.
When Sanjay tells them that Neetu knew where the money was, Idris begins to lose control. When he pulls the trigger on his pistol, he is shot dead by the unknown person and thereafter, idris kills Pandit in a rage in the train.
The unknown person tells Sanjay that the bank robbery plan idea was his which he shared with Idris and Pandit but never got his share ...and after persistently questioning and trying to blackmail Sanjay, the unknown person shoots frantically in frustration and Neetu is injured-- hoping that the traumatic vision of his wife's suffering will make Sanjay reveal the truth.
However, this fails since Sanjay has in fact lost all his memory by now stressed by trauma.
The unknown person searches Sanjay's pockets, only to find a banana. In retaliation, he shoots Sanjay in the shoulder and then Sanjay's phone rings and he finds his mother on the line. Sanjay has completely forgotten his identity and doesn't recognise his mother, but she says she has a suitcase that Sanjay gave her to keep three months ago, and if he doesn't come soon, she will give it to the junk dealer.
( It reveals that Sanjay's mother has the money.) The unknown person overhears this and jumps on the train just as it's starting, but he slips on Sanjay's banana and impales his neck on Sanjay's fork. Bereft, confused and tired, Sanjay throws his phone out of the train while Neetu smiles. Sanjay has no idea what's going on, but the train goes on its way with the dead bodies of the unknown person, Pandit and Idris.[3]