The Warriors Gate

Jack Bronson (Uriah Shelton) is a teenager who spends his free time playing warrior video games and working at a Chinese shop. His mother is trying to sell the house they living before it gets foreclosed. While Jack goes to a biking park, Travis (Dakota Daulby), a neighbourhood bully and his friends chase after him and he hides inside his bosses shop and helps out. A family heirloom, The Warriors Gate, from Mr Cheng’s cousin in Beijing arrives at the shop and he lets Jack keep it.
Jack goes to sleep with the thing in his room and wakes up with a sword at his neck. A warrior, Zhao (Mark Chao) tells him that the ‘Black Knight’ has to look after the most precious thing in the kingdom the princess. Jack gets to know Princess Su Lin. Barbarians from the game realm come to kill the princess but she fights them off, destroying the house in the process. The barbarians take the princess back into the other realm and when Jack goes in after her he arrives somewhere else. The warrior who sent the princess to stay with jack is there and then an army of barbarians try and kill them. The wizard stops time and the army is frozen. The wizard tells Jack that Zhao was one of six children raised from both to protect the Error and that the only person who could defeat them was Arun the Cruel, King of the barbarians. Arun killed the warriors and the Emperor and the only people left alive were Su Lin and Zhao. The wizard searches through his seeing stone to find the greatest warrior to protect the princes and finds The Black Knight. Jack and Zhao go to save Su Lin but they find out that Arun the Cruel will marry the princes and their mission is the save her.
While on their way through the Unknown kingdom Jack tries the get Zhao to dance have fun. In the forest, Jack gets held captive by beautiful witch triplets that intend to eat him but he gets saved by Zhao. At night Zhao teaches Jack to fight. They get to a lake and the Zhao says the trek past it will take days and that he cannot swim.
When they arrive they get captures to get into the kingdom and passed all guards and knights. They get free by killing the guard when he gets them their food and goes to save the princess. Jack saves the Su Lin and just as their about to kiss Zhao barges in and reunites with the princess. On their way out they get recaptures and in their cell, Jack tells Zhao that he’s never kissed a girl and Zhao reveals that neither has he. A butterfly appears and Zhao has a conversation with it, then it goes to the princess.
During the wedding when Arun the Cruel lifts up her veil and goes to kiss Su Lin he sees that her face is of that of monsters. The Wizard had used his magic to distract everyone when he frees Jack and Zhao from hanging. The Wizard pours magic powder on Jacks shoes and tells him to jump. Jack saves the princess and all the barbarians try to kill them. The wizard gives jack bags of magic powder to throw at them. Eventually, Jack and Su Lin catapult themselves faraway and Zhao and the Wizard travel away.
Jack wakes up in a forest alone and fences Sun Lin hung and tied up. Arun guards attack Jack but the fights them off. Arun and Jack fight until Jack kills Arun and saves the princess.
Su Lin is crowned the Empress and they eventually kiss and she tells him that she never thought he was worthless. The empresses guards see the lipstick on Jacks face and try to kill him but he goes home through the Warriors Gate.
When he goes to school the next day Jack finally defeats his bully, Travis. At home, jack drives to put the warriors gate back to gather but fails so he makes a game called ‘The Warriors Gate’ and sells it for $25,000 and he and his mom get to keep the house. Days later jack goes to the mall for some ice-cream and bumps into Su Lin. She had the wizard make her another box and made a law that everyone gets holidays. Back in The Warrior's Gate, we see Zhao decking all the knights to dance.