Ullathai Allitha

Raja (Karthik) is the only son of retired military officer Col.Chandrasekhar (Jaiganesh) who, even though being very rich, raises his son very strictly. Chandrasekhar decides to get Raja married to his long time friend Viswanathan’s (Manivannan) daughter Indhu (Rambha). Vishwanathan is one of the richest men in Ooty and is a tea-estate owner. Raja misunderstands another girl as Indhu and decides to run away from house to escape from wedding. Shankar (Kazan Khan) is the nephew of Chandrasekhar and he plans to grab Chandrasekhar’s properties by triggering Raja to leave the house.
Raja runs away and reaches Ooty where he meets Vasu (Goundamani), who is a fraud but becomes friend with Raja. One day, Raja sees Indhu (Rambha) in Ooty and gets attracted towards her not knowing that she was the girl fixed for him by his father. Raja follows Indhu and finds her home. Later Raja secures a driver job in Viswanathan’s home to woo Indhu.
Raja gives his family ring to Vasu to prevent him from disclosing the truth to Viswanathan. But Viswanathan misunderstands that Vasu is the son of Chandrasekhar as he wears the ring now. Viswanathan brings Vasu to his home and introduces as the fiancé of Indhu. One day, a gang tries to attack Vasu but he is saved by Raja which makes him understand that there is someone looking out to kill him. So Raja decides to remain in the identity of driver to unearth the reason behind the goons trying to attack him.
Viswanathan informs Chandrasekhar that his son is found but asks him not to come immediately to see him as he does not like his father. Meanwhile, at Ooty, Raja tries to impress Indhu while Vasu is attracted towards Meena (Jyothi Meena) who is the personal secretary of Viswanathan. Slowly love blossoms between Indhu and Raja. Suddenly Chandrseakhar comes to Ooty to Viswanathan’s home to meet Raja. Now problem erupts as Raja is in the disguise of driver. Both Raja and Vasu try to manage by roaming together for a few days so that they can convince both Viswanathan and Chandrasekhar.
Meanwhile, Shankar gets furious knowing that Raja is found. He befriends Kasinathan (also Manivannan) who is the twin brother of Viswanathan but is a criminal and has just released from jail. They kidnap Viswanathan and now Kasinathan comes to Viswanathan’s place so that he can enjoy all the properties and wealth. Doubt erupts for Raja and Vasu seeing Kasinathan as he spends money lavishly compared to Viswanathan who is very stingy.
Raja and Vasu secretly follow Kasinathan and finds the whereabouts of Viswanathan and the plan behind his kidnap. Raja is shocked to see his cousin Shankar there as he is the master brain behind all the events. A hilarious fight follows where in the end, Shankar and Kasinathan get arrested. It is also revealed that Raja is the son of Chandrasekhar. Raja unites with Indhu while Vasu unites with Meena.