Jungle Street

In Shepherd's Bush, London, auto mechanic and petty criminal Terry Collins (David McCallum) mugs an elderly man and accidentally kills him in the process. Terry then goes to the strip club run by gangster Jacko Fielding (John Chandos), where he runs into Joe Lucas (Brian Weske) at the bar. Terry is in love with the star stripper Sue (Jill Ireland), but is unable to pursue her openly because the wealthy and powerful Jacko is interested in her. Sue wants to get away from Jacko, but does not love Terry; her heart belongs to Terry's friend Johnny Calvert (Kenneth Cope), who has been serving a year in prison for a robbery that he and Terry committed together. Johnny refused to inform on Terry, who escaped punishment. Sue, in need of money, was forced to take up stripping after Johnny was imprisoned.
The police find fingerprints on the murder victim's wallet and plan to fingerprint everyone in Terry's neighborhood to find the killer, who is likely to be hanged if caught. Joe figures out that Terry committed the murder and begins blackmailing him. Meanwhile, Johnny is released from Wormwood Scrubs and reunites with Terry and Sue. Terry, anxious to leave the country before he is arrested for murder, talks Johnny into robbing the strip club safe with him; Johnny agrees in order to get money to take Sue away from Jacko. After Johnny cracks the safe, Terry double-crosses him by knocking him out and absconding with the money, just as the club's caretaker manages to trigger an alarm, alerting the police. Terry rushes to Johnny's flat, where Sue is staying, and tries to get her to run away with him. When she resists, demanding to know what happened to Johnny, Terry tries to abduct her at gunpoint. The police arrive, tipped off by Johnny and Joe, and Terry takes Sue and Mr. Rose, the elderly tailor who occupies the flat next door, as hostages in a standoff. Mr. Rose tries to get Terry to hand over his gun. Just as the police burst through the door, Terry fatally shoots Mr. Rose and is dragged away by police as Mr. Rose dies in Sue's arms.