Gohine Shobdo

Nura is a street beggar. During 1971 liberation war in Bangladesh his one leg became useless and paralyzed. The Razakars anti-liberation forces attacked him, making him a crippled man. But as a father he is extraordinary. He begs in the street in rain and sunshine to make his dream a reality — to educate his daughter Swapna. She is a university student.
Nura took part in the liberation struggle against the Pakistan Army. His attitude to life is different. He does not regret over his poverty, rather he enjoys begging as he sings in his mother-tongue Bengali. He feels that Bangladesh would not have been liberated if he had to speak and sing in Urdu: an alien language for him.
On the other hand, the Talukder family is rich and well educated. The senior Talukder was a pioneering personality in photojournalism starting from the language movement of 1952 to the 1971 liberation war. These are all now historical documents. But nobody is happy in this family. The senior Talukder tries to implant progressive ideas to his grandchildren because the present generation are not aware at all of this liberation struggle. At the same time, the anti-liberation forces try to exploit the liberation war in their won interests. Niloy — a scion of this family — is in contrast with the poor Swapna, the university student daughter of Nura the beggar. Niloy fell in love with Swapna listening to her songs while preparing for the Bengali New Year celebration. He proposes to her.
Swapna tries to convince him that this is rather impossible as they are poles apart. She tells him her parents are almost starving to educate her. Led by impulse, Niloy vows to marry her — saying he would go deep down her heart, explore the dark resonance of her heart, and marry her. But Niloy is defeated before the reality of life: He can never accept the fact that his would-be father-in-law is a street beggar. He escapes from life, escapes from her, fleeing to another country.
The film ends with a song where an eminent singer arranges a concert for the beggars. They circle around and move singing with lamps in their hands. The life cycle is complete. Occasionally the life cycle is disturbed but it never stops. Human beings like Swapna start a new life, and the life cycle begins again.