Flaming Brothers

Alan Chan (Alan Tang) and Cheung Ho-tin (Chow Yun-fat) are orphans wandering in the streets of Macau who became sworn brothers together, they make a living by stealing. One day, while Tin was stealing food in a church, he is discovered by Ho Ka-hei (Pat Ha), who encourages him not to steal and subsequently brings food to him and his friends everyday until one day, when Ka-hei was adopted and the two farewell in tears. Alan and Tin struggles very hard and finally succeeds and become triad leaders. During a gang warfare, Alan and Tin kill Chiu, the underling of a major Macau triad leader Ko Lo-sei (Patrick Tse). Ko mobilizes his men to seek revenge but the strong-willed Alan strikes back. Then, the cunning Ko pretends to reconcile with Alan and provides news for Alan to traffick arms in Thailand. However, the arms dealer turns out to be Ko's rival, Uncle Pui, and Alan nearly lost his life. With his extraordinary courage, Alan gains Pui's trust and successfully makes business. At the same time, Alan also meets Macau singer Jenny and falls in love with her and brings her back to Macau. While Alan was highlighting danger in Thailand, Tin re-encounters Ka-hei in a Catholic school and after lay each other's heart bare, they get engaged. However, Ka-hei requests Tin to leave the underworld and wants to lead a peaceful life in Hong Kong. Tin summons his courage to tell Alan about this, but Alan, while preparing big business with Tin, becomes enraged. Having to choose between his lover and his brother, Tin sadly leaves Alan. When Ko discovers that Alan safely returned from Thailand, he falls out with him and annexes all his purchased arms, formally declaring war with Alan. Later, Alan falls into Ko's trap and becomes encircled where his underlings are fully wiped out and Jenny is also killed from protecting him. Alan decides to single-highhandedly deal with Ko. In Hong Kong, Tin hears news of it and leaves his beloved wife and returns to Macau to fight with Ko alongside Alan in a gunfight where after a fierce battle, the trio dies together.