Villu 

Pugazh (Vijay) is an IITian and Oxford alumnus with a Masters degree in Chemical Engineering. With the help of his relative, Inspector Joseph (Manoj K. Jayan), he succeeds in tracking down a wanted criminal Raaka (Adithya), and kills him. The scene then shifts to a village, where Pugazh is attending the wedding of a Tahsildar's daughter. He meets Janavi (Nayantara), a friend of the bride, and instantly falls in love with her. After persistent wooing, he succeeds in winning her heart.
Janavi takes Pugazh to Bern to introduce him to her father J. D. (Prakash Raj), who is a wealthy businessman and arms smuggler. During his stay in Bern, he encounters J. D.'s gang, consisting of Shaan (Devaraj), a hotel pimp Max (Sriman) and another henchman (Anandaraj). After initial confrontations with the three of them, he evolves his own plans and starts eliminating them one after another. His remaining target is J. D.. Janavi soon finds out that Pugazh is plotting to kill her father and warns Pugazh's mother (Geetha) about her son. On the contrary, Pugazh's mother not only knows and supports what Pugazh is doing, she also reveals that she is not his real "mother" and tells her why Pugazh is after her father.
Pugazh's father was Major Saravanan (Vijay), a patriotic Indian Army officer. During a peacekeeping mission, he noticed J. D., Shaan, Raaka and their two henchmen, who were then army officers working in his team, accepting money from terrorists in exchange for allowing them to carry out their activities. When he confronted them, they killed him and fabricated a story claiming that since he accepted money from terrorists to help them, they killed him considering the safety of the other soldiers and themselves. He was stripped posthumously of all his titles, honours and badges. During his funeral, his family, comprising his widow (Ranjitha) and a young Pugazh, were humiliated by J. D. and the villagers and were banished from their village. The villagers also barred Pugazh from performing the last rites of his father and threw the dead body into a ditch. Pugazh's mother sends Pugazh away with Shaan's estranged wife (who is the adopted "mother") as she did not want him to grow up carrying the stigma of being the son of a disgraced army officer.
In the present day, J. D. takes Pugazh to India to retrieve a Blu-Ray disc containing all of J. D.'s secret information, which Pugazh had earlier received from Shaan and given to Joseph. Pugazh soon finds out that Raaka is not dead and has kidnapped Joseph. Pugazh manages to flee from J. D.'s and Raaka's clutches and after a thrilling chase, reaches an abandoned temple outside his village where he reunites with his long-lost mother, who had been living there since being banished from the village. J. D., Raaka and their henchmen soon arrive there, kill Joseph and injure Pugazh. Undaunted, Pugazh kills Raaka and fights bravely with J. D., weakening him. With all the villagers assembled around the abandoned temple, Pugazh forces J. D. to reveal the truth about Saravanan to them. After his confession, Pugazh kills him. With the truth about Saravanan finally revealed, the army reinstates his titles, honours and badges, and returns his army badge and uniform to his widow.