Sonna Puriyathu

Shiva (Shiva) is a dubbing artist and a person who is not happy with love and marriages. His dream is to buy a Volkswagen car for himself. But his mother (Meera Krishnan) forces him by blackmailing him to marry and he finally accepts without satisfaction. The girl is Anjali (Vasundhara Kashyap) who is revealed to be a devotional girl and is a press reporter. When the marriage of one of Shiva's friends takes place, both Anjali and Shiva are invited. Anjali is invited because the friend was forced by Shiva in order to stop their marriage. But in that marriage, Shiva gets to know that Anjali is the exact opposite of what he thought she was, and that Anjali herself wanted to stop their marriage. They finally break up and they make their parents also accept (Shiva lied to Anjali's father that he got impotent during a cricket match and Anjali cooks up a plot claiming that she became pregnant).
Shiva and Anjali celebrate their marriage cancellation in a pub. The next day, they found themselves in a hotel room together. Shiva and Anjali suspects that Shiva friend Gowri did the arrangement but after review the CCTV footage it is revealed that a Seth guy did the arrangement. Shiva and Anjali solve the matter and go to Anjali's house to drop her. Anjali's father prepared marriage with Anjali co-worker. Few days later the broker Rajesh Kanna (Manobala), who helped Shiva's mother, visits them with the news that they are going to organize a game show. The prize money from the game show will help Shiva to achieve his longtime dream. In the game, Shiva and Anjali win all the rounds. Anjali started falling in love with Shiva. Anjali feels sad when she comes to know that Shiva participated in the game only to win Volkswagen Car and breaksup with him. With the insistence of his friends, Shiva realises Anjali's love. In order to unite with Anjali, Shiva set up a plan by making a stage actress to act as bride to marry so that Anjali would marry him. Rajesh Kanna who comes to know of Shiva's plan kidnaps Shiva. Later he leaves Shiva when he claims that Anjali is going to marry someone. When Siva arrives at register office. He sees Anjali getting married. Saddened, Shiva goes to a park and he witnesses Flashmob dancing towards him. It is revealed that it was Anjali's plan to surprise Shiva whereas his friend was also involved in this plan. Shiva and Anjali gets married and live happily.