Asambhav

Captain Adit Arya (Arjun Rampal) is a special agent of the Indian army. The Indian president Veer Pratap Singh (Mohan Agashe) is kidnapped by Rafiq Mabroz (Shawar Ali) in exchange for cash rewarded by renowned terrorist Youssan Baksh (Mukesh Rishi) and General Ansari (Milind Gunaji). Adit is sent undercover to rescue the president and his daughter, Kinjal (Dipannita Sharma).
The mission is coded "Asambhav". Adit poses as a journalist for Indiatimes and makes his way to Switzerland with the help of a RAW agent called Atul Bhatnagar (Jameel Khan). On the flight, Adit meets Alisha (Priyanka Chopra). Alisha is a singer and has come to Switzerland to do a show with Sam Hans (Naseeruddin Shah). Her friend Shilpa (Chitrita Sharma) accompanies her. However, the people whom Alisha and Shilpa have come to Switzerland with are drug smugglers. Shilpa is murdered when she finds this out, and Alisha pretends she knows nothing but meets Adit for help. Adit and Alisha fall in love.
Adit links events from Shilpa's murder to the president's kidnapping and sees that Sam Hans, General Ansari, Youssan Baksh and Rafiq Mabroz are involved together. Hans' friend Ranjit Parmar (Yashpal Sharma), of the Indian embassy, checks files of Switzerland and learns Rafiq Mabroz is a terrorist. He informs Hans, and Hans decides to fight ISI. However, he signs a deal with ISI by kidnapping the president from Youssan Baksh and returning the president to Baksh in exchange offor 50 million pounds.
Parmar suspects someone at the Indian embassy is a traitor helping terrorists. He finds out that Ms. Brar (Tora Khasgir) is a traitor. He informs ambassador G.L. Sarin (Sharat Saxena) and is knocked out by Mabroz. Parmar awakes to discover that Ms. Brar and Sarin are both traitors and are associates of Mabroz. Mabroz kills Parmar, and Sarin leaves a suicide note beside Parmar. Capt. Arya and Bhatnagar find Parmar dead by the note, but Arya reveals that the ambassador is the traitor because of his head-stamp on the suicide note. Arya tries to finish Sarin, but Brar calls the police to get Arya and the ambassadors arrested. Arya shows the police his army card while Sarin and Brar flee. Arya chases them, and Gazi (Chetan Hansraj) tries to attack Arya. Arya runs after Gazi and is attacked by ISI agents and Youssan's men in a fort. They try to kill Arya, but Arya fires back and kills all of them, including Gazi.
Adit reaches Youssan's headquarters, to free the president. He kills General Ansari and all of Youssan's men. Youssan takes the president and flees. Adit chases him. Sam has captured Alisha and Kinjal but is stopped by Ambassador Sarin, who has Hans' friend Brian as captive. Hans gives money to free Brian, but Sarin kills Brian. Hans kills Mabroz's men. Ms. Brar and Volga (Anupama Verma) chase Alisha and Kinjal near a helicopter but kill each other in crossfire. Sarin tries to finish Hans, but Hans kills him to avenge the death of Brian.
Youssan tries to kill the president, but Adit kills Youssan and saves him. Mabroz tries to shoot Adit, but Adit kills him. In the end, Adit meets Sam, who confesses sins he committed but promises to improve; so they become friends after being arch rivals throughout the Mission Asambhav. Adit goes back to India with his girlfriend Alisha, Kinjal, the president and Atul Bhatnagar.