Bendu Apparao R.M.P.

Bendu Appa Rao (Allari Naresh) is a RMP doctor in a tiny village in East Godavari. Though he does not have much knowledge about medicines, he uses his brain to come out of critical situations. He earns money by all means as his sister faces torture in the hands of her husband (Krishna Bhagavaan), as he could not pay the entire dowry to him. He maintains close relations and friendship with everyone in the village, which include a barber (Uttej), a tailor (Srinivasa Reddy), a washer man (L.B. Sriram) and a postman (Kondavalasa Lakshmana Rao).
Raja (Ahuti Prasad) is a landlord and Padma Priya (Kamna Jethmalani) is his only daughter. Padma falls in love with Appa Rao and the latter too loses his heart to her. Once, Appa Rao and his friends, while returning to village after watching a movie, find a grievously injured person called Sivaji. Before breathing his last, he pleads with Appa Rao to hand over Rs 15 lakh to his family. Despite lot of pressure from his friends to share the money among themselves, Appa Rao makes many efforts to hand over the money to Sivaji's kin.
On learning that Sivaji's parents are no more and sister had left the country after marrying a person, Appa Rao agrees to share the money between the tailor, barber and himself. He gives them Rs 2 lakh to each to settle their debts; he too takes a part of the money to settle his sister's life. He utilizes the balance amount to construct a school building in the village and names it after Sivaji. However, Appa Rao makes everyone believe that they got a prize in lottery.
Accidentally, Sivaji's parents and sister reach the village and Appa Rao comes to know the truth. He feels guilty as he had already spent the money. So, he mortgages his house to a local trader (Jeeva) and spends it for the bypass surgery of Sivaji's father. He also promises to marry Sivaji's sister. But on the day of marriage, the President of the village (Chalapathi Rao) tells to Gayathri that Appa Rao killed Sivaji and robbed the Money and wants to marry Gayathri to avoid future legal problems. Gayathri believes it and Appa Rao is beaten severely. But Raju and the Local Trader reveal the truth and save Appa Rao. Padma is married to Appa Rao in the climax as Gaythri understands their Love.