Hum

Bhaktawar (Danny Denzongpa) rules over the docks in Mumbai, treating his workers as slaves. Despite his general dissatisfaction with this regime, Tiger (Amitabh Bachchan) extorts money from the dock workers for his father Pratap (Deepak Shirke), who in turn works as an enforcer for Bhaktawar.
Tiger is in love with his best friend Gonsalves (Romesh Sharma)'s sister Jumma (Kimi Katkar). Gonsalves is against Bhaktawar's policies and is killed by Bhaktawar and in the subsequent fall-out Tiger’s father and step-mother also die, leaving two young step-brothers Kumar and Vijay with Tiger.
Tiger immediately sets out to kill Bhaktawar, but is stopped by Inspector Girdhar (Anupam Kher). Girdhar reminds Tiger to fulfil his dying step-mother's wish and take care of his brothers, while leaving the police to deal with Bhaktawar. Girdhar and his faithful sidekick Havaldar Arjun Singh (Annu Kapoor) steal money from Bhaktawar's safe and set fire to Bhaktawar's house to destroy any evidence, killing Bhaktawar's wife and his daughter. Police later arrests Bhaktawar for killing Tiger's family and sends him to jail. Tiger escapes in a train and Jumma refuses to stay with Tiger, since he has to take care of his step brothers. Jumma and Tiger promise to reunite in the future. Girdhar bombs the train carrying Tiger and his brothers to eliminate any possible witnesses of his crime, but Tiger escapes.
Tiger renames himself as Shekhar and is a respectable farmer and timber merchant in Ooty. Kumar (Rajnikanth) is a police officer who is married to Aarti (Deepa Sahi), with a young daughter Jyoti (Sanjana). The youngest brother Vijay (Govinda) is a college student. Vijay is in love with Anita (Shilpa Shirodkar), daughter of General Rana Pratap Singh (Kader Khan),who wants his daughter to get married to a military officer. Shekhar and his brothers lead a happy family life. Neither of the two step brothers seem to have any memory of their time in Mumbai and both regard Shekhar as their elder brother. Jumma is now a successful actress, while Girdhar and Havaldar are leading a luxurious life due to the stolen money of Bhaktawar.
Bhaktawar is released from jail and is misguided by Giridhar in believing that Tiger killed Bhaktawar's family. To seek revenge, Bhaktawar tracks down Tiger in Ooty. He kidnaps Aarti and Jyothi and tells them the truth about Shekhar. Meanwhile, Kumar also finds the true identity of Shekhar and is upset since it was due to his brother Sekhar, his family was kidnapped. However all the misunderstandings are cleared by Jumma when she explains Vijay and Kumar about their past and the sacrifices done by Sekhar to make them lead a respectable life.
Later Tiger along with Kumar and Vijay rescue Aarti and Jyoti and explain to Bhaktawar that it was Giridhar who has killed his family. Bhaktawar then ties himself along with Giridhar to a bomb and they both die due to the explosion. The film ends with the family happily united.