Kannupada Poguthaiya

Sivakumar, a rich landlord lives in a village along with his wife Lakshmi. Vetrivel (Vijayakanth) is their elder son and is widely respected by the villagers for his good deeds. Gowri (Simran) is the daughter of Jaiganesh, a school teacher in the same village. Gowri returns to village after completing education from city and at first misunderstands Vetrivel as an employee in Sivakumar’s home. Later she gets to know that Vetrivel is the son of Sivakumar. Slowly Vetrivel and Gowri start liking each other. Sivakumar and Lakshmi also plan to get them married.
Subramani (Karan) is the younger brother of Vetrivel and he returns to the village after his completion of studies. One day, Subramani slips from a mountain nearby while taking photographs of a water fall. Gowri hears his voice and rushes to the spot along with other people and Subramani is rescued by the villagers. This makes Subramani to fall for Gowri and he expresses his intention of marrying Gowri to Vetrivel. Vetrivel is so kind towards his brother and he decides to sacrifice his love for the sake of his brother. Vetrivel also convinces Sivakumar and Lakshmi to get married Subramani first although he is the younger son. Gowri is shocked knowing about the marriage plans but accepts just because of the respect she has towards Vetrivel’s words. Subramani and Gowri get married.
Charle works in Sivakumar’s home and he could not tolerate Vetrivel's sacrifice. One day Charle drinks and confesses the truth to Sivakumar and Lakshmi. They decide to get Vetrivel married immediately to Radhika Chowdhry, who is Lakshmi’s relative. But Radhika’s father Anadharaj and grandfather Radharavi have vengeance over Sivakumar and Lakshmi and they wanted them to be killed.
Ponnambalam who also lives in the same village does not like Vetrivel and he informs Subramani that Vetrivel and Gowri are in illegitimate relationship which angers Subramani. But suddenly Gowri vomits and faints. Jaiganesh informs everyone happily that Gowri should be pregnant. But Subramani is shocked as he has decided to have kids only after Vetrivel gets married. Now Subramani also doubts the relationship between his brother Vetrivel and Gowri. He shouts at Vetrivel and Vetrivel leaves the home after hearing painful words from his brother.
Sivakumar and Lakshmi get angry seeing Subramani’s activities and scold him. Also a flashback is told where Vetrivel is the son of Vasudevarayar (also Vijayakanth) who was a wealthy man in the village. Sivakumar worked as a driver in Lakshmi’s home and they both get married to each other. This angers Lakshmi’s father Radharavi and her brother Anadaraj and they try to kill the couple. They run to Vasudevarayar’s village for help and Vasudevarayar saves them. But Radharavi and Anandaraj kill Vasudevarayar. Now Vasudevarayar orders them to stay out of village and hands over his son Vetrivel and all the properties to Sivakumar and Lakshmi.
In the meantime, doctor checks Gowri and informs that she is not pregnant. Subramani realizes his mistake and apologizes to Vetrivel. Finally Vetrivel is married to Radhika and also wins the heart of Radharavi and Anandaraj.