Trick 'r Treat

It is Halloween night in the fictional town of Warren Valley, Ohio. Emma and Henry, a couple, return home after a night of festivities. Henry had overdone it while decorating their home for Halloween, and it looks like a haunted attraction. Emma and Henry discuss removing the Halloween decorations from their yard, which is against tradition, before midnight. Emma starts doing so regardless, while Henry waits for her inside their house.
While continuing to remove decorations, Emma is enveloped by a white sheet, which was part of the decorations. Someone unseen attacks her, and they briefly struggle beneath the sheet. Her throat is slit by a candy sucker. A few trick-or-treaters witness the murder, but run away. The unseen killer drags Emma's corpse back to the yard. Henry wakes up some time later, and goes searching for Emma. He finds that Emma's mutilated body parts have been incorporated into the decorations. A pumpkin sucker is lodged in Emma's mouth.
Charlie, a young vandal, destroys the jack-o'-lanterns which decorate an entire neighborhood. At a certain house, Charlie begins to take a bucket of candy under a "please take one!" sign, and is caught by the homeowner: his school principal, Steven Wilkins. Wilkins knows that Charlie suffers from diabetes mellitus, and warns him against indulging in candy. Wilkins sits down on his porch, and invites Charlie to join him. Charlie is given a lecture on respect and rules of etiquette by Wilkins, while eating a chocolate bar. Charlie begins coughing, while Wilkins continues acting casually. Wilkins notes that an important rule for Halloween is to always check your candy. Charlie soon vomits blood, and dies. Charlie was poisoned by a chocolate bar spiked with cyanide. Wilkins drags the body into his house, just ahead of the visit of a group of trick-or-treaters. They receive candy from Wilkins.
Wilkins dumps Charlie in his back yard, in a large hole containing another child's body. As he tries to bury the bodies, Wilkins faces numerous interruptions: his young son Billy repeatedly asking for help with his jack-o'-lantern, Spite (the neighbor's dog) that barks at the fence, the first child in the grave trying to escape, and surly neighbor Mr. Kreeg. Wilkins stabs the boy with his shovel, throws a severed finger over the fence to distract the dog, and explains to Kreeg that he is dealing with a septic leak. Wilkins voices his frustration with his son's requests, such as Billy's wish that his mother was still alive.
Wilkins finishes burying the bodies. He ignores Kreeg, who seems to be requesting help, and enters his own kitchen, where Billy jumps out and scares him. Billy again asks for help with his jack-o'-lantern. Seemingly annoyed, Wilkins takes a butcher knife and follows Billy to the basement, where a table is covered with carving materials. Billy suggests making a scary face this time, as Wilkins brings the knife down, drawing blood. Though the lead up to the scene implies that Wilkins is killing his son, the shot shifts to Billy alive and smiling. Father and son look together at Charlie's severed head, which they intend to carve.
Four trick-or-treaters (seen earlier) scour the neighborhood, collecting jack-o'-lanterns. They consist of two girls (Macy and Sara) and two boys (Chip and Schrader), and they are led by Macy. They stop at the home of schoolmate Rhonda, said to be a savant. They ask for one of her jack-o'-lanterns and invite Rhonda to a quarry. When they arrive, the group's leader, Macy, claims it is the site of "The Halloween School Bus Massacre", a local legend.
The events of the legend are depicted in flashback, while narrated by Macy. According to Macy , thirty years ago, the bus was carrying eight mentally challenged and mentally disturbed children, clad in freakish Halloween costumes. They were so deranged, that they had to be chained to their seats. There was a contract killing arrangement between their parents and the bus driver, since the parents hired him to kill their children. One of the children broke free and tried to drive the bus to safety, but ended up driving it off the cliff and into the lake. The only survivor was the paid driver, and the bodies were never recovered. The driver supposedly disappeared. The eight jack-o'-lanterns collected are meant as an offering to the eight souls who died.
The trick-or-treaters take a rickety elevator to the bottom of the quarry, where Chip and Rhonda seem to be attacked by water-drenched figures in chains. It turns out to be a cruel prank to scare Rhonda. However, when Macy kicks a jack-o'-lantern into the lake, the eight dead children rise up. Rhonda reaches the elevator first, while Sara is captured by the undead children. The other three teens beg Rhonda to let them in the elevator, but she ascends with the jack-o'-lanterns instead and abandons them. The teens can be heard getting brutally murdered by the dead children. While Rhonda silently leaves the quarry (as the sole survivor), she briefly encounters Sam.
Laurie, a self-conscious young woman, is getting ready for a party with her older sister Danielle and two female friends (called Maria and Janet). The women dress in fairy tale costumes, with Laurie uncomfortable as Little Red Riding Hood. Danielle claims it is a tradition. The women pick up dates while walking through town, but Laurie is disinterested and leaves. Nearby, a masked man has a sexual encounter with a young woman in an alley. The man reveals the fangs of a vampire, and the woman soon bleeds to death. Her corpse is abandoned on a sidewalk, and the passing crowd ignores it. The vampire casually walks away, with nobody suspecting him of murder.
Later, as Laurie walks in the woods alone, she is confronted by the same vampire. He sinks his fangs into her neck. The vampire mocks her by commenting: "My, my, what big eyes you have", in reference to the fairy tale.
The other three women are enjoying a bonfire party with the men they brought, and with several other similarly-dressed women. Danielle is worried about the missing Laurie, commenting that Laurie was always "the runt of the litter". Someone screams as a body falls out of a tree, dressed in Laurie's red cloak. Danielle removes the cloak and sees it is the vampire, who is bleeding and begging for help. Laurie then appears and assures everyone that she is all right, despite the blood oozing from her neck, and that she is ready to join them. The vampire is revealed to be wearing fake fangs and a mask, and is actually Wilkins. The women, including Laurie, begin transforming into werewolves. Laurie had been shy because she had never killed anyone before, but now she is happy to have found someone who deserves death. As she prepares to kill Wilkins, she mocks his terrified eyes with the phrase: "My, my...what big eyes you have".
The other werewolf women feast on their dates, which they had already killed before Wilkins' arrival. Sam is observing their feast, though nobody seems to notice him.
Kreeg lives alone with his dog, Spite, and scares away trick-or-treaters while stealing their candy. He later finds his home decorated, inside and out, with jack-o'-lanterns and scribbled trick-or-treat rhymes. While still within his home, Kreeg is attacked by Sam, a small boy in orange footie pajamas who has been a witness to many events of the evening. During a brutal struggle, Kreeg removes the burlap sack from Sam's head to reveal a cross between a jack-o'-lantern and a human skull. Kreeg calls to Wilkins for help, but is tackled by Sam. Kreeg shoots Sam with a shotgun, but Sam is soon attacking again. However, rather than killing Kreeg, Sam instead takes a chocolate bar which landed on Kreeg's chest, chewing on it as he leaves. Photos burning in a nearby fireplace reveal Kreeg to be the bus driver from the "School Bus Massacre".
Bandaged and bruised from his encounter with Sam, Kreeg answers his door to give candy to trick-or-treaters. He spots Sam walking over to Emma and Henry's house. Rhonda then walks by and is almost hit by a car of laughing women (the werewolves). Billy Wilkins sits on his porch, handing out candy and wearing a costume that mimics his father's first appearance. Kreeg returns inside then answers another knock at the door to find the kids from the School Bus Massacre with their bags outstretched.
During the end credits, a series of comic strip panels show Kreeg being murdered and dismembered by the school bus kids.