Lankeshwarudu

Shankar (Chiranjeevi) and Revathi are siblings and are orphans. To feed his hungry sister Shankar steals a bread from a nearby tea stall, at the same there is another orphan ( Kalyan Chakravarthy) boy who is also hungry looking at them, Shankar gives him a piece of bread. Shankar takes up the responsibility of raising his younger sister and also the orphan. Shankar does everything possible to earn bread and butter for them, and slowly he transforms from a small-time thief to a small-time gang leader. During this time he helps a village near by, who treats him like god. Once he bashes up Dada's (Kaikala Satyanarayana) men, an impressed Dada offers him to work for him. But Shankar rejects to work for him but when dada offers him partnership then he accepts the proposal. Apart from crime Shankar is also a good dancer and he teaches dancing too, Radha is a big fan of him. She falls in love with him to sing a couple of quick duets. Shankar realizes that Revati is in love with Kalyan Chakravarthy and he does their wedding. Kalyan Chakravarthy becomes a police officer with the help of Shankar, in one of the crimes he gets some info regarding Dada's involvement. Kalyan Chakravarthy asks Shankar's help in eliminating Dada's group without knowing that Shankar is a partner in the same crime syndicate. Then Shankar decides to quit Dada's company and conveys the same to Dada. Dada accepts the proposal but he says that he is not responsible if his brother in law dies in his hands. So Shankar drops the idea of leaving Dada's company, Dada makes him the head of the syndicate. Raghu Varan and Mohan Babu are not happy with this, so they talk another gang to eliminate Shankar and Dada. Meanwhile, Kalyan Chakravarthy and Revathi comes to know that Shankar is criminal, they question him on that front. He tries to explain what scenarios led him to this. But they leave him. Mohan Babu, Raghu Varan and their new gang attacks and kills Dada and villagers whom Shankar helps. Angry Shankar kills all goons and surrenders himself to his brother in law.