Vendor Daniel State Licency

Vendor Daniel is a selfish and greedy person. Mohanan Pillai is assistant of Daniel, Joy the son of Daniel doesn't approve the deeds of Daniel. Daniel wife Annama is very religious and she also disagrees with Daniel's doings. Narendra Prasad is old feudal lord who lost his property because of the land reform brought by the government. Joy used to meet Seetha sister of Adv balagopalan to relieve his mind. Daniel also have corrupted officers as mentors. Daniel fixed Joy's marriage with a rich girl which Joy doesn't approve. Daniel used a dirty trick to get the property of Narendra Prasad making his son joy as the son of Narendra Prasad. One day while Joy talks with Seetha Mohanan Pillai happened to see this and tell to his boss. Daniel is very upset because of this and tries to separate Joy and Seetha, but Joy took this a revenge and married Seetha. Daniel disapproves of the marriage but Adv Balagopalan brother of Seetha welcomes the couple to his home. This provokes Daniel and he plans to kill Seetha with help of corrupted officers. On Christmas night, with the help of corrupted police officers, he releases a crinimal to kill Seetha. To try to save Seetha from the criminal Joy accidentally got stabbed and dies. This news makes Daniel very sad. The advocates in the leadership of Balagopalan try to involve superintendent of police in the murder case.
The corrupt police officers are afraid of the involvement of superintendent of police in this case and the try to frame Balagoplan as the murder. But Shammi Tilakan (superintendent of police) get clues about the corrupt officers and makes a plan to trap them. Mean while Daniel gives his office to Mohananpillai. Shammi Tilakan assigns two police officers undercover to find the clues about the crime. At the same time the Daniel gives money to the corrupted officers to escape from this case. The officers in undercover create a scene in front of bar and beats circle inspector which comes there, thus taken into custody. There they meet the convict which who murdered Joy. The officers in undercover happens to hear the conversation of sub inspector and convict about the escape plans and involvement of Daniel and higher officers in this case. Thus Shammi Tilakan catches Daniel. This makes Mohanpillai and Annama