Nilave Mugam Kaattu

Murthy (Karthik) and Prakash (Ramki) become best friends since Prakash's father (Nizhalgal Ravi) killed Murthy's mother in a car accident. Despite his father's refusal, Prakash takes Murthy into his house. But Prakash's parents do not like their son making friendship with Murthy who is poor and they consider it to be a status issue.
A few years later, when Prakash goes to the US to study. Meanwhile, Prakash's parents scold Murthy with a plan to make him leave their house. Murthy feels bad and decides to leave Prakash's house without informing anyone. An old police constable accommodates Murthy who treats him like his late son Govind and the man begins to call him by that name. Murthy also comes under the identity of Govind now and starts working in an apartment by helping the residents of that apartment. Murthy has a percussion instrument and plays his favourite tune always. Murthy meets Kasturi (Devayani) a blind flower seller and falls in love with her. Kasturi also likes Murthy's character after he saved her from a few thugs who tried to molest her. Kasturi's father (Delhi Ganesh) is a drunkard and dies in an accident which leaves Kasturi alone with an eye injury which made her blind. Murthy takes care of Kasturi now and takes her to a doctor (Srividya) with an aim of getting her vision. The doctor advises Kasturi to undergo a surgery following which there are chances for getting her vision. In order to pay for the operation, Murthy takes some money from a drunk man's house. In a misunderstanding, he gets arrested by the police and is sent to jail.
Kasturi gets her vision after surgery but she is worried as Murthy has never returned. The doctor takes Kasturi to home along with her and asks her to stay until Murthy comes back. In the meantime, Prakash returns to India after completion of studies and falls in love immediately with Kasturi on seeing her. Prakash convinces his parents to arrange his wedding with Kasturi. Although Kasturi is not interested in this proposal, she is convinced by the doctor as there is no point in worrying about Murthy who has disappeared for a while.
Kasturi, who cannot find Murthy, agrees to wed Prakash although she is not interested. Murthy is released by the police as he is proved innocent. One day, Prakash finds Murthy and is shocked to see his condition. Prakash takes Murthy along with him to his home. At Prakash’s home, Murthy is shocked knowing that he is in love with Kasturi who has got her eyesight now. Murthy decides to hide his identity to Kasturi (as she knows him only by the name Govind and she has not seen him before). Murthy does not even speak in front of Kasturi as she will be able to identify his voice. Murthy also convinces the doctor to not reveal about him to Kasturi as he wanted his close friend Prakash to lead a happy life marrying Kasturi.
On the day of wedding, a poor boy comes to the marriage hall looking for food. He plays Murthy’s tune with the percussion instrument which shocks Kasturi. She rushes to the boy and enquires about Govind. The boy points out Murthy as the one who taught him to play this tune while he was begging before. Now Kasturi understands that Prakash’s friend Murthy is none other than Govind whom she was searching.
Kasturi runs towards Murthy and requests him to marry her. Murthy is shocked and speechless. Prakash’s parents speak ill about Murthy and Kasturi. Prakash comes to the spot and asks the truth to Murthy. Murthy tries to manage the situation and finally when Prakash asks him to make a promise on him, Murthy does not do fearing any harm to Prakash. Murthy reveals the truth and wants Prakash to lead a joyful life which made him to sacrifice his love.
Prakash on hearing this is overwhelmed by the love of his friend and immediately asks him to marry Kasturi. Prakash promises that he will get married to some other girl for sure and requests Murthy not to hurt Kasturi. Murthy agrees and gets united with Kasturi.