Shootout at Wadala

In a police van, Afaaque Baagwan (Anil Kapoor) listens to the story narrated by a gangster, Manya Surve (John Abraham), who is gravely injured with a bullet-riddled body. Surve is a decent student at Kirti college, Dadar. He is in love with Vidya Joshi (Kangana Ranaut) and takes her to his mother to discuss about their marriage. Manya has an older brother named Bhargav Surve, who is a gangster. Bhargav is in conflict with an underworld don named Bhatkar (Ranjeet) and currently on the run.
Soon enough, Bhargav is attacked and beaten up by Bhatkar's goons. Manya steps in to save him. While Manya Surve clutches one of the goons, Bhargav stabs the goon and he dies on the spot. On the day of Manya's exam results, before he can discover his grades, Manya and his brother are arrested and publicly humiliated at college by Inspector Ambolkar (Raju Kher) and end up in Yerwada Central Jail. In prison, another convict named Munir (Tusshar Kapoor) saves Manya from being attacked by a goon named Potya (Chetan Hansraj) during lunch time. During this assault, Bhargav is killed. Munir befriends Manya and another convict named Veera. Veera trains Manya to become stronger. Manya trains and then eventually is challenged by Potya. Potya attacks him from behind and beats Manya up, to which Manya responds by stabbing Potya to death.
Later on, both Manya and Munir escape from prison while they are working on a railway track and try to join hands with two brothers who rule Mumbai's deals. The first brother, Zubair Imtiaz Haksar (Manoj Bajpayee), is cool and is impressed by Manya. However, the second brother, Dilawar (Sonu Sood), disapproves of Manya and dislikes him. After this, Manya forms his own gang which consists of him, Munir, Veera, and Gyancho, a sharpshooter brought by Munir. Soon enough, Manya finishes off Bhatkar (the gangster who had him and his brother arrested). Jamal, Bhatkar's bodyguard, also joins them. Next, Manya brings Ambolkar to his knees by beating him brutally in public. The story next shows the death of Sadiq, (Arif Zakaria) an unscrupulous news reporter, by Mastan. This breaks a fight between Haskar brothers and Mastan. Due to this, a truce is called by Haji Maqsood (Akbar Khan). The truce is short lived as Maqsood asks Manya Surve to finish Zubair. After Zubair's assassination, Dilawar kills Gyancho with the help of Jamal. He is about to kill Munir when Manya saves him. Later, Afaaque is asked to kill Manya by Dilawar. Even after his refusal, at first he agrees when police commissioner (Jackie Shroff) orders him to. The story comes to an end after the shootout and Manya's killing by police.