Suyamvaram

Kuselan (Vijayakumar) and Suseela (Manjula) have 9 children: 3 boys (Arunachalam (Sathyaraj), Aavudaiappan (Prabhu Ganesan) and Indiran (Abbas)) and 6 girls (Urvashi (Rambha), Easwari (Roja), Uma (Kasthuri), Aishwarya (Maheswari), Hema (Preetha Vijaykumar) and Ezhilarasi (Suvalakshmi)), Azhagappan (Parthiban) is the family's loyal servant but he is treated as one of their own, while Krishna (Napoleon) is the family doctor.
The movie opens with Kuselan's 60th birthday celebrations, and he gets a heart attack. At the hospital, the family is informed that Kuselan will not live long and to keep him comfortable in his last days. From the devastated family, Kuselan asks for one last favour: that all his children get married before he dies. The children all agree and a statewide ad is put out saying that those chosen to marry Kuselan's children would get a piece of the family properties and 1 crore in cash. Needless to say, the mention of wealth brings in potential brides and grooms by the truck full to be interviewed by either Gnanapithan (K. Bhagyaraj) and Arivazhimangai (Oorvasi) or the two doctors Mithrabuthan (Janagaraj) and Panchabutham (Senthil).
The parents and Krishna are happy thinking that everything would happen as planned, but there is a major hitch that they didn't know about. Most of the children have already fallen in love. Arunachalam, Aavudaiappan, and Indiran have fallen love with Kushboo, Savithri (Ishwarya) and Heera respectively while Easwari, Uma, Aishwarya, and Hema are in love with Kanna (Prabhu Deva), Pallavan (Pandiarajan), Gautham (Vineeth) and Kanthen (Livingston) respectively. Each of them get their lover ready for the interview and after some hard work (and in the end, some bribing), they are all selected. Urvashi is linked with the absent-minded doctor Ram Kumar (Karthik) who shows up at the interview thinking it is an interview for a doctor's post in a clinic while Ezhilarasi, who is handicapped, pairs with Azhagappan in the end. Kabilan (Mansoor Ali Khan), with Vichitra (Vichithra) in a tow, tries to worm his way in as a groom, and when that effort fails, he kidnaps the 9 brides for ransom. Krishna calls his friend Assistant Commissioner Sanjay IPS (Arjun Sarja), who defeats Kabilan and his aides and successfully defuses the bomb planted by Kabilan at the marriage hall and saves the brides. After finding the brides and after the marriage, Kuselan explains that his heart attack was just a joke and he wanted them to get married, and that's why he said he had a heart attack.