Murari

Set up in the 18th century, during Amavasya, the dark moon lunar phase, a greedy, and lavish alcoholic zamindar insults principal Deity Durga and attempts to steal the Panchaloha idol from the Royal Family's Temple in a state of inebriation so that he can repay his huge debt to the British officers. Subsequently, he along with the British officer's are killed by the enraged Goddess Durga. The goddess infuses a mythical curse on the family's heirs, and every 48 years on the day of Diwali, one male heir from the Royal Family is succumbed to death. The present year 2001 denotes end of another 48 years, and Murari (Mahesh Babu), the Grandson of Sabari whose husband died 48 years back because of the curse, is expected to be the next heir to be succumbed to the curse. Murari lives with his father Sattipandu, Sister-in-law Gopi, brothers Sreenayya, Baachi and Soori and their respective wives and kids along with Sabari. Murari is named after Sabari's husband and thus is called with utmost respect by all family members except Gopi who calls him either by his name or as Kanayya. She treats him like her son and even decides to go for abortion clandestinely so that she would not neglect him once she has her own offspring. Thus since his childhood Murari considers Gopi as his mother since his mother died giving birth to him.
In another village, a beautiful city-bred Agricultural student called Vasundhara lives along with her big combined family and is the cynosure of all eyes and affection in the family. Sattipandu and Vasundhara's father Chanti are blood related and actually Gopi is Chanti's adopted daughter. These two families are separated because of a feud at Gopi's marriage because of Chanti's evil son Rambabu. Every year, Gopi is allowed to go there without any escort from her husband and when a tussle happens regarding this, Sreenayya apologizes and tries to patch up with her. At that point, Murari comes to know about Gopi's sacrifice for him when he secretly listens their conversation. For the first time, Gopi gets an escort in the form of Murari after this incident. There after few incidents, Murari falls in love with Vasundhara but leaves the house because of a land dispute with Rambabu with Gopi staying back there for few more days. Vasundhara tries to convey her love but she had no chance and returns to Hyderabad.
Back at Murari's home town, the temple priest Seshayya comes to know that Murari is going to be the victim of Devi's curse but he does not disclose the same to Sabari who goes for a pilgrimage. Meanwhile with assurance from his father, Murari goes to Hyderabad and unites with Vasundhara. They go back to Murari's house where Vasundhara lies that she came for Agricultural research. Slowly the couple gets the nod from all the members of both of the families. Meanwhile Sabari, who returns from the pilgrimage, upon being informed by Seshayya that Murari would be subjected to death by Devi this year, refuses for the marriage. Rambabu announces marriage of Vasundhara with her cousin Bullabbayi that day and when informed by Chanti, Murari tries to quit the temple to save her but is stopped by Sabari. Then she reveals the dark secret that is kept under wraps about Durga's curse to her family when they all are at the temple offering prayers for redemption. Murari promises to Sabari that he would come alive along with Vasundhara to complete his Abhisheka.
Murari goes to Vasundhara's place and saves her from Bullabbayi but once they are about to leave, Murari is fatally stabbed by Bullabbayi unintentionally and thus runs away on seeing Murari bleeding. In extreme pain, Murari realizes this as Goddess Durga's ploy and with all strength he manages to come back to the temple along with Vasundhara. He manages to convince everyone that he is safe and sound as he covered his wounds with soil and a cloth but Soori notices blood stains. Before he could say anything, Murari tells him to call an ambulance immediately and takes part in the rituals despite extreme pain and internal bleeding. By the time the rituals of Abhisheka, Yajna, and Arti end, the blood of Murari spills over the Holy Idol invoking the soul spirit, and as a result Murari loses his consciousness and is in critical condition. Seeing this, Sabari drowns herself in the holy river as a sacrifice to the Goddess, and saves Murari's life. Murari revives and marries Vasundhara.