To Die For

Suzanne Stone dreams of being a world-famous news anchor. To that end, she marries Larry Maretto, due to mutual attraction and because she believes his family business will keep her financially comfortable, and she starts attempting to climb the network news ladder, beginning as a meteorologist at a local cable station, WWEN.
When Larry starts asking her to take time off from her career to start a family, she immediately begins plotting to get rid of him. To this end, she uses the subjects of her TV documentary, a high school project called "Teens Speak Out", and seduces one of her students, Jimmy Emmett, and manipulates him and his friends, delinquent Russell Hines and shy Lydia Mertz, into killing Larry. With the help of Russell and Lydia, Jimmy ultimately commits the murder.
Though Larry's death is ruled a burglary-murder, the police begin investigating when they stumble across a "Teens Speak Out" video of Suzanne at Jimmy's school in which Jimmy discreetly hints at a relationship with Suzanne, provided by her boss, Ed Grant. Jimmy, Russell and Lydia are arrested and they are connected to the crime scene. Lydia makes a deal with the police to converse with Suzanne while wearing a wiretap, and Suzanne unwittingly reveals her hand in the murder. Despite this undeniable proof of Suzanne's guilt, however, by arguing that the police had resorted to entrapment, she is released on bail. Suzanne basks in the media spotlight as she talks to reporters about Larry's death, and fabricates a story about her husband being a drug addict and being murdered by Jimmy and Russell as his dealers. Jimmy and Russell are sentenced to life in prison, though Russell appeals against his sentence and receives sixteen years instead, while Lydia is released on probation for her cooperation.
Larry's father, Joe, sees Suzanne lying about Larry on television and realizes she was behind his son's death; he uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered. The hitman lures Suzanne away from her home by pretending to be an agent interested in broadcasting her life story, kills her, and then places her beneath the ice, in a lake. Lydia gains national attention by telling her side of the story in a television interview, becoming a celebrity. Larry's sister, Janice, practices her figure skating on the frozen lake where Suzanne's corpse is hidden.