Khiladi 786

In Mumbai, Champak Lal (Manoj Joshi) is a successful match-maker and wedding organizer. But his business starts going downhill when his son, Mansukh (Himesh Reshammiya), joins him. After destroying many weddings unintentionally, Mansukh is thrown out of the house by his father. A depressed Mansukh pays a visit to his friend Jeevanlal Praanlal D'costa (Sanjai Mishra), who advises him to stop drinking, but Mansukh doesn't listen. So Jeevanlal snatches the bottle but in the process, the bottle crashes into the windshield of a car, due to which the car crashes into a tree and stops.
The car was being driven by Indu (Asin), who intentionally scares her grooms away by taking them for a dangerous long drive, the same trick she was using when her car crashed into the tree. Indu turns out to be the sister of an underworld don TT, i.e. Tatya Tukaram Tendulkar (Mithun Chakraborty), who wants to get her married to a decent family. TT's goons abduct Mansukh and Jeevanlal due to the incident. On learning that Mansukh is a match-maker, TT assigns him the task of finding a good groom for Indu, in return for letting Mansukh live. Jeevanlal is sure that they're going to die, but Mansukh claims that he knows a perfect groom for her.
This groom is none other than Bahattar Singh (Akshay Kumar), aka Khiladi 786, a police officer from a small village Taasi in Punjab., who never lets goons get away. His family consists of his father Sattar Singh (Raj Babbar), Sattar's younger brother Ikhattar Singh (Mukesh Rishi), and their wives [Sattar, Ikhattar, Bhattar, and Chauhattar mean 70, 71, 72 and 74]. It is mentioned that Bahattar's brother Tehattar (73) was lost as a child. Even Bahattar has had tough luck in finding a bride. But there's one thing Mansukh doesn't know; Bahattar and his family just pretend to be cops and wear fake uniforms. When Mansukh comes to their doorstep with an alliance for Bahattar, he lies to them by saying that TT is a police commissioner, due to which Bahattar and his family are forced to carry on their police act.
On reaching Mumbai, two families in the same house pretend that they are from the Police. Bahattar is constantly trying to woo Indu, but she's having none of it, since she already has a boyfriend named Azad Reddy (Rahul Singh). Azad is in jail, and whenever he is released, he performs some stupid act due to which he is put back in jail. On learning about Azad, Bahattar helps Indu break him out of jail. Due to this act, Indu realises that Bahattar is a nice person and develops and affection for him. After reuniting Azad and Indu, Indu and Bahattar are saying goodbye to one another, when they learn that the other's family are not cops. Azad interferes and talks rudely to Indu and tries to slap her, but is stopped, slapped and pushed away by Bahattar. Indu now realises that Bahattar is a better person to get married to, and holds his hand and walks home.
Now Indu and Bahattar tell Mansukh, who has by now already learnt the truth about the families, to continue the act and not let each family know the truth about the other. But sadly on the wedding day, they learn the truth. Immediately, Azad and his goons abduct Indu. Bahattar and TT fight them and rescue Indu. TT realises that Bahttar is the perfect man for her and blesses their alliance. To top the happiness, Tehattar Singh (Akshay Kumar) arrives, who is now a real police officer in Mumbai, and thus the family is reunited.