Kana Kandaen

Bhaskar (Srikanth) and Archana (Gopika) are childhood friends who grew up in the same village. Bhaskar receives the marriage invitation card from Archana. Only then, he realizes his love for Archana, but anyhow decides to attend the marriage. Just on the day before marriage, Archana finds out that her fiancee is not a good man and decides to call off the wedding. Her mother helps her to escape with Bhaskar. The couple begins to live in a small house owned by Sivaramakrishnan (Vivek) in Chennai. Meanwhile, Bhaskar, a research scholar in Chemistry, succeeds in coming out with a prototype of a desalination plant which he wants to give to the government and solve the water crisis in Chennai.
He eventually gets discouraged by the government authorities and even the State Minister. He then decides to prove everyone wrong and plans to set up his own desalination plant based on the methods of his research. Along with Archana, he runs from pillar to post for loan. Bhaskar is hesitant to express his love towards Archana as she may misinterpret his intentions for helping her. But Archana somehow realizes Bhasker's love for her by the verse he had written in her wedding invitation. They both express their love and ties the knot.
Madan (Prithviraj Sukumaran), is a college mate of Archana. Madan gets acquainted with their family. Coming to know of their troubles, the rich Madan volunteers to help them and even lends money. All troubles begin only now. Madan happens to be a 'business consultant' who lends money to companies, corporates and individuals at exorbitant rates of interest and uses his might to recover them.
In Bhaskar's case, he fakes the bond papers that Bhaskar has signed and begins to trouble them demanding his money back and threatens to take over the research works of Bhaskar with which he aspires to make a huge sum. The rest of the film is how Bhaskar using his intellectual skills outthinks Madan and succeeds in achieving his goals and ambitions. When everything goes out of hand for Madan, he sets a bomb in Bhaskar's research plant, but Bhaskar thwarts the plan saving the day. The video records that Bhaskar had recovered earlier from Madan's office showing his cruel side was released to press and an arrest warrant was issued for him. The film ends with Bhaskar getting recognized for his research work while Madan was shown roaming aimlessly around .