Vaayai Moodi Pesavum

The story takes place in Panimalai, a hill city, during a spring season. The film begins with RJ Balaji (playing himself), coming to Panimalai to be a guest of a live radio show. In the middle of the show, he starts coughing severely and suddenly loses his voice. He is diagnosed with a new type of virus called the Mute flu, that causes sudden muteness and sometimes even death.
Aravindh (Dulquer Salman) is a Sales Rep working with a glue company. His dream is to become a Radio Jockey, and even attends interviews with a FM station. As the Mute Flu spreads across the city, the state Government sends the Health Minister Sundaralingam (Pandiarajan) to Panimalai to take care of the situation. The people are asked to undergo a medical checkup to check whether they are affected by the virus or not. Aravindh goes to the hospital and meets Anjana (Nazriya Nazim), a junior doctor, who believes that talking is the only cause of all the problems in the world and if people keep things to themselves things will be very fine. Anjana is in a relationship with Vinodh, a possessive guy who always commands Anjana on what she should do and even what she should wear. Anjana lives with her Dad and Stepmom Vidhya (Madhoo). Since Anjana lost her mom at a young age, she is reluctant to accept Vidhya as her mom, though she is a sweet and caring woman, and always maintains a distance from her. Vidhya is an aspiring writer, who is trying to get her Husband's attention and support to write her third book. Her husband finds no time to talk to her as he is too busy with his work.
Panimalai comes into the news for another issue, where, Bhoomesh (John Vijay), a film superstar, who has gone to shoot one of his films, is being opposed by Mattai Ravi (Robo Shankar), a drunkard who is the President of the Drinkers Association, over the issue of Bhoomesh showing drunkards in a bad light in his films. The Drinkers Association and Bhoomesh's fans, led by (Ramesh Thilak) form groups to fight over this issue.
Aravindh and Anjana begin a friendship and he insists her that if everything is spoken directly from the heart, there would be no problem between anyone. He asks her to speak openly with Vinodh and sort out the difference of opinion between them. She does not agree to this, and Aravindh challenges her that, if he successfully stops the feud between Bhoomesh and Mattai Ravi just by means of speaking, Anjana should talk openly with Vinodh to sort out their issues. They both agree on the challenge and mark a deadline day. Aravindh tries so many ways to stop the feud between Bhoomesh's fans and the Drinkers association, but it ends up in an even bitter fight. As time goes by, Aravindh falls in love with Anjana, not knowing that she is engaged to Vinodh.
Aravindh is brought up in an Orphanage that belongs to Adhikesavan (Vinu Chakravarthy), a stubborn old man, who is constantly asking the Orphanage to be vacated so that he can rent it to richer tenants. Though Aravindh helps the Children in the Orphanage by donating some of his money, it is not enough to save the Orphanage. Aravindh tries to speak to him and sort the issue, but Adhikesavan is too hesitant even to speak with him.
But Aravindh and his friend kidnap the stubborn man and leave him in his son's house making a close relationship.
The final report by the health organisation says that the dumb flu spreads only by means of speaking, and issues a speaking ban in the town. Then everyone in the town tries to adjust to living with not speaking. Aravindh conducts the meeting with Drinkers Association and Bhoomesh's fans and they reconcile.
A cure for the illness is invented, but if the virus has already infected but has not removed the voice of a person, the cure has a 50% probability of a side effect that the patient might lose the ability to speak. The movie ends with everyone getting cured but minister Sundaralingam, who has been faking the illness being given cure medicine on the stage for a photo op and losing his voice for real.