Chennaiyil Oru Naal

On 16 September, superstar Gautham Krishna (Prakash Raj) gets ready for the release of his new film. On the same day, Traffic Constable Satyamoorthy (Cheran) returns to duty after his suspension for taking bribes. The day is special for Dr. Robin (Prasanna) who is celebrating his first wedding anniversary. Karthik Vishwanathan (Sachin), an aspiring television journalist, starts his first job with an interview with Gautham Krishna. On the same day, at a crowded traffic junction, Karthik, who was set to interview Gautham Krishna, and Ajmal (Mitun), traveling on a bike is hit by a speeding car and is rushed to Global Hospital. Also at the junction, in another car, was Dr. Robin. Karthik goes into a coma and is declared brain dead although he is kept alive on a ventilator.
Meanwhile, Gautham's ailing daughter Ria's (Gabriella Charlton) heart condition worsens and urgently needs a heart transplant. At first Karthik's parents do not agree to donate their son's heart, but Ajmal and Karthik's girlfriend (Parvathy) persuade them. Now that the heart is available, the problem is how to transport it to Vellore. No chartered flights or helicopters were available and so the heart must be taken by road. Someone had to drive the 150 kilometers in under two hours during rush hour. City Police Commissioner Sundara Pandian (R. Sarathkumar) is asked to carry out the mission. He initially refuses, considering the complexity and risk involved, but finally succumbs to the persuasion of Dr. Arumainayagam (Vijayakumar). Satyamoorthy. Accompanying him on the mission are Dr. Robin and Ajmal. At some point, they lose connection and the vehicle mysteriously disappears. Under pressure and stress, Satyamoorthy trusts his own instincts and takes his own route. Sundara Pandian loses patience and loses hope that he'll be able to transport the heart in time, resulting in cancelling the mission. Just in time, Satyamoorthy manages to get connection, which motivates everyone to deliver the heart safely in time. As the mission proceeds, it is discovered that before Dr. Robin committed to accompany Satyamoorthy on this mission, he had attempted to kill his wife, due to her affair with his best friend. To escape from the police, Robin tries to sabotage the mission, but Gautham's wife (Raadhika) convinces him to save her daughter's life. They reach the hospital in time to save the girl's life just as Karthik's father (Jayaprakash) and mother (Lakshmy Ramakrishnan) prepare to cremate their son.