Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year

Harpreet Singh Bedi (Ranbir Kapoor), a B Com graduate with approximately 39 percent marks becomes a salesman with a big corporate computer assembly and service company, AYS. Within a few days, a client asks for a kick-back.The top salesmen at AYS acquire large client contracts through bribery. In such corrupt company culture, Harpreet's honesty only brings him a demotion and humiliation. After making concessions to a client for the company, Harpreet realizes that sales success is dependent on the customer; so if the customer is satisfied then bribery will not be necessary to secure these contracts. No one agrees with him but Harpreet remains firm on his belief and forms his own company, Rocket Sales Corporation, from within AYS. Rocket Sales is being managed from the AYS offices where the Rocket partners were still employed. Unlike AYS, Rocket Sales Corporation's overall strategic goal is customer service and customer satisfaction as opposed to just selling the product through bribes and providing zero customer service. Other disgruntled employees of AYS find their way to Rocket Sales – a place where even the guy who serves tea is an equal partner because he brings talent to the table.
The five member company targets previous clients of AYS, who were irritated with AYS's attitude and soon enjoys a strong client reputation. The company soon becomes successful because of its dedication to excellent customer service. Although it does not make much profit. Rocket Sales Corp is able to make a huge difference. AYS's sales start decreasing as many the clients cancel their orders and place orders at Rocket Sales, which offers them better services. Harpreet starts a relationship with Sherena, his first client, whose fashion business had failed.
The MD of AYS, Sunil Puri, becomes angered by the small company's success. Puri moves quickly to attempt to contact the MD of Rocket Sales Corporation and in a phone conversation attempts to entice him to sell Rocket Sales Corporation to AYS (he does not know it is Harpreet). Harpreet not only rejects Puri's offer but says that his company will buy AYS Computers. Afraid of Puri's attempts, Harpreet's partners have a discussion and move their headquarters to Sherena's house, making her a partner in the process. After multiple failed attempts in locating the Rocket Sales Corporation office, Puri decides to call the number on Rocket Sales Corporation's brochures and the phone at the AYS reception desk begins to ring. After thoroughly insulting him and firing both him and his partners, the MD has Harpreet sign a contract handing over Rocket Sales to him for a final compensation of Re.1 . However, AYS is unable to maintain Rocket Sales' commitment to customer satisfaction because of its cold and greedy personnel. The MD, realizing his downfall in purchasing Rocket Sales, visits Harpreet at his new job at Croma, an electronics store, and returns the contract to Harpreet in return for Re.1 . He also tells him never to become a businessman again, because he will fail again. However, this is not intended as an insult, but rather as a compliment; he implies that what made Harpreet so successful was his eschewing of 'normal' business practices such as kick-backs, false advertisement, and low wages.
The ending scene is the new Rocket Sales office building where a prospective worker is going in for an interview. The firm is implied to be very successful. It shows the former employees, all partners of the business, and finally closes with Harpreet smiling genially at a desk, showing that in the long run, honesty and hard work are sound business practices.