Raja

Raja (Venkatesh) and his friend Balu (Sudhakar) are petty thieves. One day they steal an idol of Lord Ganesha from a temple while escaping from the police they hide in a house, Anjali (Soundarya) who is a governess in that house taking care of three children when remaining all went out of the station. She locks them in her kitchen for one week, that one-week association with Anjali changes the entire lifestyle of Raja, he starts a new life and slowly falls in love with Anjali. Meanwhile, before leaving the house, Balu thefts Anjali's dairy, Raja starts reading the diary.
Anjali is an illegitimate daughter of Lawyer Viswanath (Chandramohan) whose house she is living as a maidservant along with her stepmother Bhagyalakshmi (Y.Vijaya), her sister (Sana), sister's husband (Tanikella Bharani) and their 3 children without knowing she is Viswanatham's daughter. Bhagyalakshmi's brother, Sanjay (Abbas) comes from Canada, Anjali likes Sanjay and Viswanatham want to make marriage to them, but Sanjay says, he needs at least 3 months to decide. After reading this Raja decides not to express his love and from that day he also makes a habit of writing diary. Next day when he goes to return the dairy a conflict arises to Anjali because of him, she has been thrown out of the house about the missed necklace. Raja decides to take care of Anjali, he keeps her in a hostel, works day & night, makes her a singer and takes her to highest peaks.
Meanwhile, Viswanatham reveals the truth to his family, they all also accept Anjali and everyone comes to stay with Anjali. Even Sanjay also returns from Canada to marry Anjali, Sanjay & Raja becomes good friends, but Bhagyalakshmi and gang starts look down Raja and insults him a lot. Once when Anjali went to foreign tour they blame robbery on Raja and sends him & Balu away from the house. Anjali returns from the tour, but she does not believe that Raja is a thief and she starts reading his diary which he forgot and understands how much love Raja hidden in his heart for her.
At the same time, Anjali wins a National Award and her family members are making of marriage arrangements of Sanjay & Anjali. Simultaneously Govt arranges a felicitation to Anjali, even Raja & Balu attends the function by hiding in public, but Anjali sees him, she acknowledges her entire success at his feet and decides to marry him, even Sanjay also appreciates her decision. Finally, the movie ends with the marriage of Raja & Anjali.