Don't Bet on Blondes

When top Broadway bookmaker Odds Owen (Warren William) loses $50,000 on a horse owned by Everett Markham (Clay Clement), he investigates and founds out that the horse was doped. Owen visits Everett and lets him know that Everett will be selling his horses and paying back the $50,000.
Owen is inspired by hearing about Lloyds of London. He decides to go into the business of underwriting unusual insurance policies.
Everett is a friend to actress Marilyn Youngblood (Claire Dodd). Marilyn supports her ne’er do well father, Colonel Youngblood (Guy Kibbee), and she is dating rich playboy Dwight Board (Walter Byron) who is also a hypochondriac. Everett convinces Marilyn’s father to take out a 3-year insurance policy against Marilyn getting married. If she gets married within three years, her father gets 50,000. Owen agrees to insure the policy.
Owen’s men get rid of Dwight by convincing him that marriage could kill someone with a weak heart.
Marilyn starts seeing David Van Dusen (Errol Flynn). Owen’s men go to the restaurant where Marilyn and Van Dusen are eating and pretend to be shady characters who know Van Dusen. One of them walks by and hands Van Dusen an envelope with money. Another hands him a gun wrapped in a handkerchief. Marilyn, convinced he is a gangster, breaks up with him.
Marilyn notices Owen nearby and remarks on how strange it is to see him again when she is breaking up with someone. Owen is attracted to Marilyn and starting starts dating her, ostensibly to keep her from dating anyone else.
Marilyn’s father tells her about the insurance policy. She decides to make Owen fall for her and he does. To get back at Owen, Marilyn becomes engaged to Everett. Now Everett will have his revenge. Owen will lose $50,000 and Marilyn. Owen tells Everett he won’t welch but he doesn’t think Everett will marry Marilyn. Owen has fallen in love with her, placing him in a dilemma, caught between the heart and the wallet.
Marilyn’s father begs Owen to stop the wedding. Marilyn, at the church, is hoping the same thing. Everett doesn’t show up for the wedding. Owen appears in his place and Marilyn happily marries him. Owen’s men pay off dozens of cabbies who have caused a traffic jam which prevented Everett from getting to the church.