War

The film begins with the protagonist, former conscript Ivan Yermakov (Alexei Chadov), being interviewed by a journalist in a detention center. As he begins his story the film cuts to Chechnya in the summer of 2001, during the Second Chechen War. Held captive by Chechen warlord Aslan Gugayev (Georgy Gurguliya), Ivan and another conscript, Fedya, serve as domestic slaves. Ivan is also used as a communications specialist. Eventually, Aslan's militants also capture English actor John Boyle (Ian Kelly) and his fiancée Margaret Michaelsen (Ingeborga Dapkūnaitė). After a while, Ivan, Fedya, and the two English prisoners are taken to another aul and put into a zindan where they find Captain Medvedev (Sergei Bodrov, Jr.), who is already paralyzed due to injury.
Aslan releases John to collect £2 million for Margaret's ransom. Along with John, he releases Ivan and Fedya, as no-one was willing to pay their ransom.
John's efforts to raise money are unsuccessful, but one British television company offered to provide him with financial assistance in exchange for a detailed video of the operation. In Moscow, John again runs into the complete indifference of military officials and instead decides to ask Ivan to help him rescue Margaret.
Ivan's life in Tobolsk is not working out. He cannot adapt to a peaceful civilian life, and he cannot find qualified work, due to fears over his potentially unbalanced psyche after Chechen captivity. Before that, he comes to St. Petersburg, to the family of Captain Medvedev, whom no one is willing to rescue. When John comes to Tobolsk, Ivan agrees to go back to Chechnya in exchange for money. After passing through Moscow and Vladikavkaz, Ivan and John covertly enter Chechnya, seizing an SUV with a large number of weapons in the trunk en route. After capturing a local resident, Ruslan Shamayev (Euclid Kyurdzidis), Ivan finds his way to Gugayev's aul. After waiting for a large group of militants to depart, Ivan, John, and Ruslan attack the aul. Having killed the guards with the weapons they had seized earlier, they find Margaret with Captain Medvedev and discover that she had been raped by the militants. Enraged, John kills Gugayev, further complicating the situation: Ivan needed Gugayev alive as a hostage to leave Chechnya safely.
Gugayev's militants assault the aul and give chase, but the group escapes on a makeshift raft and takes up defensive positions in an old fortress tower. With the help of a satellite phone taken from Aslan, Medvedev requests support from the Air Force. Russian helicopters arrive, routing the militants, and deliver Medvedev and the group to a military base.
John gives Ivan the money he promised, of which he gives Ruslan a thousand pounds. The remaining money Ivan later gave to Captain Medvedev for treatment.
The film ends with Ivan's brief comments. Margaret did not marry John. John, having constantly filmed the trip, released a film and a book, titled "My Life in Russia". After the release of his film, Ivan was brought to trial for the murder of "peaceful civilians of the Russian Federation". Ruslan, who moved to Moscow, testified against Ivan. The only one who stood up for Ivan was Captain Medvedev.