Bhalobasa Bhalobasa

Keya (Debashree Roy) is a college student who also goes for music classes in Kolkata. She stays in a girls' hostel whereas Keya's parents and cousin brother (Anup Kumar) stay in Shimultala (Bihar). Arup (Tapas Paul) is a small business man dealing in poultry and also helps poor people with free medicine and education. His mother (Madhabi Mukherjee) was a noted singer who was had recently died from cancer. His father had left his mother for another rich woman when she was expecting Arup. Keya has a fight with Arup when he comes to her hostel to supply poultry. Later Keya comes to know that Arup is also a famous singer like his mother and both Keya and Arup fall in love with each other. Keya starts visiting Arup's house and helps him in his work. Arup is approached by Keya on behalf of the Gramophone Company for recording Rabindrasangeet but Arup does not agree for some unknown reason and instead throws out Keya from his house. Later, he repents for his mistake and starts singing. The couple eventually sorts their differences. When Keya goes to Shimultala on Durga Puja vacation, Arup follows Keya as per pre-plan. There, they come to know that Keya's father (Utpal Dutt) has already fixed up her marriage with an Engineer (Kaushik Banerjee) who is also the son of a rich Barrister (Satya Banerjee) from Patna. Arup by his good-nature tries to win the favours of Keya's parents and brother. However, Arup comes to know the true identity of the Barrister and his son and at the behest of Keya's mother (Ruma Guha Thakurta) decides to leave the place without informing Keya. However, before leaving Shimultala he decides to sing his last song at the Bijoya Sammilani. Through the song he narrates the whole sad life of his mother, her lifelong struggle and how he was ill-treated by his father (the Barrister) when Arup had requested his father to come and meet his dying mother. After hearing the song, Arup's father realises his biggest mistake of life and requests forgiveness from his son. Both the parents decide to get Keya and Arup married to each other and eventually the movie ends with a happy note.