From Vegas to Macau III

The film starts with the ending of From Vegas to Macau II where the cardshark Ken’s (Chow Yun Fat) lifelong lover-nemesis, Molly (Carina Lau), skydives without her parachute from her private jet. She now appears to be trapped inside some sort of laser bubble — unconscious, naked and horribly airbrushed — while her admirer, mad scientist Yik Tin Hang (Jacky Cheung) fumes about making Ken pay within his lair underneath Paradise Island, off the coast of Thailand. Over in Macau, Ken is busy having a meltdown over the wedding of the century of his daughter Rainbow (Kimmy Tong) to his godson Vincent (Shawn Yue). To help him snap out of it, his friend Mark (Nick Cheung) hypnotizes him into thinking Vincent is marrying his fat cousin. Things go very wrong when Michael (Andy Lau), the disciple of Ko Chun, phoned in with a warning to beware of Yik Tin Hang who has hired mercenaries to kill Ken. An explosion during the wedding causes both Rainbow and Vincent to fall into coma, while Ken and Mark are accused to have engulfed DOA’s illicit money. Enraged, Ken swears to seek vengeance and to pursue the mastermind who has entangled them in his evil plans.
Ken and Mark end up in prison, a convenient venue for them to play a card game using cigarettes as chips (so technically, it’s not gambling), but are then abruptly rescued from a criminal raid and take refuge in Michael’s home in Singapore. Michael’s spacious pad, whose open layout looks suspiciously like a sound stage, serves as a cost-effective location for a lengthy stretch, while a gaggle of characters drop in and out to deliver trite gags. These range from a mildly irritating demo of wonky weapons by an ammo expert (Law Kar-ying), to a criminally infantile cake-throwing match. Two romantic arcs unfold — one between Ken’s R2-D2 doppelganger robot, Stupido, and Michael’s femme-bot, Skinny; the other a love triangle involving Michael, Ko’s younger sister Ko Fei (Li Yuchun) and Mark.
When Yik Tin Hang finally arrives to exact revenge, he challenges Ken and his friends to a game of table tennis. He later invites them to a “charity” mahjong, dice and three-person card game from China (called "Fighting the Landlord") event at a hall within the island resort on Paradise Island. A host of cameos are trotted out, including Psy of "Gangnam Style" fame, who was then escorted out of the hall. After the games, sleeping gas is released into the hall, causing Ken and the guests to pass out.
Ken and his friends sneak into a warehouse under the hall, where they battle Yik Tin Hang's mercenaries and four robots. Stupido and Skinny, who fly all the way to the resort, save them and defeat the robots, but are heavily damaged in the process. Michael encounters nine tough androids, who attack him, but he tricks them, and Only Yu arrives with Interpol officers, pressing a large button that forces the androids to dance and then self-destruct. Ken confronts Yik Tin Hang in the latter's lair, and Yik Tin Hang electrocutes him with a baton and a gauntlet on his right arm, destroying his laboratory in the process. Molly awakens from her laser bubble and calls Yik Tin Hang, allowing Ken to defeat Yik Tin Hang. As she dies in Ken's arms, Yik Tin Hang watches and dies as well.
At the end of the movie, Ken and his friends celebrate Chinese New Year in Michael's house. Stupido and Skinny, who had been repaired, are brought with their robotic offspring to Ken's celebration.