Fish Tank

Mia Williams is a volatile and socially isolated 15-year-old. She lives on an East London council estate with her single mother, Joanne, and younger sister, Tyler, and is highly antagonistic toward both of them. Mia is a loner, appearing to have had a falling out with her best friend Keely. She provokes Keely's other friends, criticises their dance routine, and head butts another girl. Mia regularly practises hip-hop dance alone in a deserted flat.
Near the estate, Mia comes across a skinny, tethered horse in a Traveller encampment. She tries to free it, only to be caught, taunted, and assaulted by two young men, the horse's owners. A third young man, Billy, the brother of the other two, is more sympathetic. He shows kindness towards Mia and explains that the horse is old and ill.
Joanne's new boyfriend, Conor O'Reily, is a charming and handsome Irishman. He compliments Mia on her dance moves, invites Mia and Tyler to come with him and Joanne on a day-trip into the countryside. He introduces them to his favourite song, Bobby Womack's version of "California Dreamin'", and shows Mia how to catch a fish using his bare hands. Although Mia is abrupt with Conor, she appears to be intrigued by him.
At an internet café, Mia watches amateur breakdancing videos on YouTube. As she is leaving, she takes a flyer for a club seeking dancers. Keely's friends enter and they exchange taunts. Accompanying Billy, she sneaks into a junkyard where he steals a car engine part. Mia visits Conor at work, where he is a security guard at a hardware store. Conor encourages Mia to apply for the dancing audition. He lends her a video camera to record an audition tape. Their interactions continue to be flirtatious. After giving Mia the camera, Conor puts on cologne and leans into Mia while asking what she thinks of it before suddenly administering a spanking because she ran off when a social worker visited. One night Mia secretly witnesses Conor and Joanne having sex. Mia then goes back to her room and slams the door several times. Mia sends in her tape and is invited by the club to perform in person. Late one night, with Joanne passed out drunk upstairs, and after Mia and Conor have both been drinking, he asks to see her dance routine in the living room. When she dances to "California Dreamin'", Conor then invites her to sit next to him which leads to them having sex. Before returning to Joanne's bedroom, Conor tells Mia to keep their liaison a secret.
The following morning, Mia hears her mother crying; Tyler tells her that Conor has left. Mia tracks him down to his home in Chadwell St Mary and confronts him. He explains that he cannot see Mia any more because of her age. He drives her to Tilbury Town railway station and provides her fare. Changing her mind, Mia comes back to his house and sneaks in through the house's back window. Finding a video camera and watching it, she discovers footage that reveals Conor has a wife and young daughter, Keira. Mia then urinates on the living room floor and, hearing the family return, sneaks out of the back door.
Watching Keira riding her scooter on the house's road, Mia impulsively pressures Keira to go with her under the claim that Keira's mother told Mia to take her for ice cream. After going out into the fields and reaching the River Thames, Keira tries to escape. Mia catches up with her, but in the struggle, Mia throws Keira into the turbulent river water; she disappears and then resurfaces, after which Mia pulls her out and takes her home. While she is walking along the street, Conor's car screeches to a halt beside her. Mia runs away and Conor chases her over a field; when he catches up with her, he slaps her, knocking her to the ground, and then walks away without saying a word.
The next day, Mia goes to her audition. It is immediately obvious that it is for erotic dancers. The other participants are all grown women wearing heavy makeup and provocative clothing. Mia takes the stage wearing a hoodie, but as the music starts, she walks off before performing her routine.
Mia goes in search of Billy. When she arrives at his place, Billy tells her that the horse had to be put down. Mia sinks to the ground in tears. Billy says he is moving to Cardiff, Wales, and invites her to join him.
Mia returns home to pack. Her mother tells her "go on then, fuck off" by way of a goodbye. Mia, for once not lashing back, silently joins Joanne in dancing to Nas' "Life's a Bitch", matching her movements. Tyler joins them. Mia goes to Billy's car after hugging Tyler goodbye. The two set off for Wales as Tyler chases after the car.