Addhuri

The story opens at a railway station where the director is narrating the different kinds of arguments and fights that happen at a railway station. The scene then shifts to a couple standing on a bridge over the tracks. The story soon moves into the lives of the couple who are fighting. Arjun (Dhruva Sarja) is seen having a heated argument with Poorna (Radhika Pandit). Although it is not made clear as to why they are fighting, it is understood that they are lovers and Arjun is trying to patch up with Poorna.
Arjun tries valiantly to patch up with Poorna, who is vehemently denying his every apology and request to reconcile. Their argument soon enters into a situation where Arjun is forced to lie to stop Poorna from abandoning him and leave to Delhi. So, after befriending the ticket master (Tabla Nani), who helps his cause by giving Poorna a delayed ticket, Arjun feels that he has a chance to win back his love in just 6 (Six) days. Arjun challenges Poorna that he can win her back if she agrees to be with him for these last 6 days, in which he wants her to accompany her to all the places they had been as lovers before. Poorna reluctantly agrees, and the story now runs on two tracks where the director shows how close Arjun and Poorna were when they were together and how they are at present.
So, as 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th days pass, Arjun endures a lot of scorn and hate from Poorna as he tries to win her heart. He takes on a gang of local goons who taunt her, and bashes them, but that still doesn't melt her heart. One day, Poorna appears at Arujun's house (the scene at this point shows that she might have actually forgiven Arjun) and asks him to buy her a dress and meet her tomorrow as she has a surprise for him. Arjun, excited, presents Poorna a dress, which she promises to wear when she meets him, and waits for her at the preset location. However, Arjun's heart is torn apart when Poorna introduces her fiance Tarun (Tarun Chandra) further humiliating Arjun.
Nevertheless, Arjun takes this insult in his stride and narrates his love story to Tarun, who is unaware that Arjun is actually telling Tarun his own love story he shares with Poorna. Tarun rejoices in the many twists and turns that Arjun endures to win Poorna'a love. It is now revealed that Arjun was nicknamed 'Achhu' and Poorna was nicknamed 'Rachhu' and they referred to themselves using the same names from the time they fell in love. Tarun is impressed with Arjun and promises any help he can offer for Arjun to reclaim his love and leaves.
Although it is not revealed till the later part of the movie as to what caused the rift in their relationship, it soon becomes apparent that Poorna is upset with Arjun because he betrayed her when she trusted him the most. Dejected, she decided to end her relationship with Arjun and leave him for good.
With 5 days gone by, Arjun begins to feel that his love is slipping away from him forever and bears his heart to Poorna, who by now has learnt that Arjun had no intention to betray her, and it was all her haste that has led to her breakup with Arjun. Disappointed with herself for humiliating the man she loves, she decides to leave the relationship anyway, as she fears that going back to Arjun now may cause him to doubt her feelings for him. However, on the 7th (last) day, just about when the viewer is led to believe that their relationship is about to end, in a twist of fate, Arjun and Poorna miraculously unite and lead a happy life ever after.