Parting Shots

Harry Sterndale (Chris Rea) is told that he has cancer and only six weeks to live. The following day, he meets his self-centred estranged wife Lisa (Diana Rigg), but when he tries to tell her of his cancer diagnosis, she takes no notice and casually insults him. As Harry later looks through his photo album, he is reminded of the numerous people who have made his life a misery. Feeling he has nothing to lose, Harry decides to kill them.
Harry meets bartender Freda Armstrong (Joanna Lumley) to illegally buy a pistol. The next day, he visits Lisa and shows her his diagnosis report; Lisa's continued lack of tact prompts Harry to shoot her. He is visited by Inspector Charles Bass (Gareth Hunt) and DC Ray (Nicholas Gecks) regarding her death, but neither of the two consider him suspicious.
Harry decides to kill Gerd Layton (Bob Hoskins), his crooked former financial advisor who lost Harry and Lisa's money. He visits Layton's house and meets the house maid Jill Saunders (Felicity Kendal). Harry drowns Layton in his swimming pool; Jill catches him in the act, but is content with the murder, she herself being one of many to have suffered due to Layton. After sharing an intimate evening with Jill, Harry decides to leave her the money from his life insurance. John informs him that Jill will inherit more money if Harry dies violently.
Harry takes Jill to a restaurant, where they are treated poorly by the staff. After expressing distaste for their food, they are viciously confronted and thrown out by owner Renzo Locatelli (Ben Kingsley). Harry later returns to the restaurant and shoots Renzo. Bass and Ray discover that the same gun was used to kill both Lisa and Renzo; Harry's house is raided by the police, where they also learn of Harry's connection with Layton. Meanwhile, Harry hires hitman Jamie Campbell-Stewart (Oliver Reed) to kill him.
When Harry returns home he is confronted by the police, but he points out they have no actual evidence and forces them out. Bass orders a 24-hour watch on Harry's house, but Harry leaves before they can catch him. Harry and Jill encounter Graham Cleverley (Patrick Ryecart), an old school bully of Harry's, who drunkenly disturbs them throughout the night, prompting Harry to shoot him the following day.
Harry next decides to kill Maurice Walpole (John Cleese); his former business partner who stole his ideas when they tried to go into advertising. Over night, he attaches a petrol covered rope to Maurice's car, and as Maurice drives to work the next morning, Harry sets it alight, blowing up the car with Maurice in it.
Harry phones Jamie to meet for the killing, but later suffers stomach pains, prompting Jill to call an ambulance. Both Ray and Jamie arrive at the hotel where Harry and Jill are staying just as Harry is taken away by the medics. It later turns out Harry has been misdiagnosed; he actually had a stomach ulcer. Jamie, who had followed the ambulance from the hotel, sneaks into the hospital to kill Harry, but accidentally shoots Ray in the arm. Harry and Jill escape back to the hotel whilst Bass unsuccessfully pursues Jamie.
Jamie arrives at the hotel to shoot Harry in the midst of an campaign targeted against a foreign dictator, President Zlomov (Brian Poyser), who is staying at the hotel. Jamie accidentally shoots and kills Zlomov. With the killing having happened amongst a large audience, Jamie realises that he has no chance of avoiding prison, and takes the blame for Harry's murders as well as his own. Harry and Jill get married and visit Jamie - who has received widespread praise for his killing of Zlomov - in prison. While there, they agree to kill a man whom Jamie had never got around to killing himself.