Pugaippadam

Krishna(Amzath Khan),Nandha(Nandha),Bala(Harish),Guru(Sivam),Krithika Rao (KK)(Yamini), Gowri(Mrinalini)were friends in their college since I-year.Later, Shiney George(Priya Anand) joined in their gang and soon Shiney and Krishna Fell in Love. Gowri loved Guru Since they both met at first time. But,Guru neglected that by saying 'we should not brake the friendship and he is the one who neglected girls in their gang.so,its wrong to say he loves Gowri'.Guru and Krishna kept lots of Arrears in their academics.So,Shiney Slapped Krishna and its bad for him to join with Guru and Krishna got angry.Guru fought with shiney to slap him.Thus the Gang split as boys and girls.Due to this Gang didn't reunite at the departal of Gowri. After the interrogation of the Lectures they united. The other friends helped Guru and Krishna to clear their arrears and they got Placements in companies. Shiney's father accepted her love and at the last day Krishna and Shiney opened their love to all their friends.On that night,Bala attempted suicide and died in the hospital.
There Gowri said he was died for shiney because he was in a love with her.Then,the truth came out.Bala admired at shiney at first sight and loved her when she supported him at the time of Ragging.And he told all his feelings to Gowri on that day morning and he decided to propose his love to all his friends before telling to shiney. But the plan went wrong when shiney slapped Krishna and the gang broken up.On hearing this everyone heart went broken and all of them felt sorry especially Krishna and shiney. Guru went mad and rushed to college where Bala's memories were wandwering.
At college Shiney and Krishna said they won't get married because they felt guilty and pain for Bala's death. KK told all its only possible if we all departed forever. Gowri yelled at her But Nandha told she is correct because we lost a member from our gang forever and without him we won't make a best gang.Adding to this he also said "If we all know about anyone's love earlier we wouldn't lost Bala. This means,we were not loyal to ourselves and friendship". On telling this everybody cried and one by one went from the sight forever. Shiney and Krishna were the last to go and the film ends.