Rajendrudu Gajendrudu

Gajendra is an elephant who has a professional master (Gummadi). Suddenly, Gajendra's master is killed by the main villain (Vidya Sagar) because of the master threatening him that he'll give a police complaint if the villain doesn't stop his business. After Gajendra's master's death, Gajendra starts roaming around on the city roads and then he is later used as a lottery special prize in a local area. Rajendra (Rajendra Prasad) is a poor man with an assistant Gundu (Gundu Hanumantha Rao). Rajendra and Gundu once try to escape from Kotlingam (Kota Srinivasa Rao), their house owner whom tells and forces them to vacate the house because they didn't pay the rent for over months. Later, Gundu tells Rajendra that he got a lottery award as an elephant who is Gajendra. Since they still don't have any money, they keep blackmailing and cheating people for money. But finally, they stop that and come to a solution going to the bank and asking the bank manager (Brahmanandam) for a loan. Rajendra and Gundu get the loan and start living happily. Later on, he meets in a fight with Alaka (Soundarya) and both of them hate each other and keep fighting forever. At one point, Kotlingam asks Gajendra to push the swing that he's sitting on. Gajendra starts pushing it, but Kotlingam asks him to push harder. Gajendra accepts that, but pushes the swing extremely way to hard, and Kotlingam falls off and gets hurt. With revenge on that, Alaka goes and cuts out a wooden piece from a ledge and feeds that to Gajendra by tricking him. The next day, Alaka starts thinking that she had tortured Gajendra and tells that to one of her friends. At the moment, Gajendra is right in front of her with a barrel. He rolls the barrel at her and then Alaka is then bad-handed by the main villain's goons. Then Gajendra`saves her and Alaka seeks Gajendra's forgiveness for misleading him. With the chance of that, Alaka goes and proposes to Rajendra. While all this was happening, a seller (Babu Mohan), and a guy who always talks gibberish and claiming that as a language, Chata (Ali) keep roaming around in areas and annoying everybody.