Thookku Thookki

It was a successful Tamil play that had the following Tamil Maxims forming the core of its story.
1. A father cares only for the riches earned by his son;
2. Only a mother stands by her son irrespective of whether he is rich or poor;
3. A sister values her brother only for the gifts he brings her;
4. A wife shall even murder her own husband; and
5. A friend in need is always a friend indeed.[1]
[2]
A young prince Chitragathan (Sivaji Ganesan) hears the above-mentioned maxims at a debating society and sets out to prove them wrong. He had been sent to tour the country by his father, the King, to find wealth as well as new ways to improve the economy which is facing troubles.
Testing the first statement he deliberately goes home empty handed. He is scolded and banished by his father. But his mother vows to protect him in her palace, proving the second one too. He moves on to test the third one out. He visits his married sister, who welcomes him with big feast but quickly sours and insults him once she knows he hasn't brought any valuable gift. As the feasts get downgraded to leftovers served rudely, he confronts her and angrily walks out, acknowledging defeat.
Next up is his wife, princess in nearby Kingdom - who is having a not-so-secret affair with a clothing merchant. (T. S. Baliah). She tries to poison the prince's mind about his childhood friend who learns about the affair, to discredit him. Caught in a dilemma, Chitragathan enters employment of the merchant in disguise and learns the truth. Proving the fourth statement right, the wife tries to get him killed once she suspects he has figured out the truth. But he escapes. Not contented, the wife convinces her father to declare him a traitor for trying to grab the entire kingdom and conspiring to kill her and the King too!
He then flies to another city feigning lunacy, where he finds Malathy (Padmini) princess of the empire of Madhurapuri. He foils the attempt of the royal family's teacher's son to wed her by force. But his identity is revealed in the process and he is extradited back to his father-in-law's country to face trial.
The film concludes on a happy note with the truth revealed, thanks to help from the friend who literally saves his life, proving the final statement too. The wife commits suicide and Chitragathan and Malathy get married.