Luv Ka The End

Rhea Dialdas (Shraddha Kapoor) has just done her JC (Junior College) and she already fancies herself marrying her charming, rich boyfriend Luv Nanda (Taaha Shah). who in turn, fancies winning this contest called BBC (Billionaire Boys Club), which is a rage amongst billionaire boys. It is seen that the boys upload videos of themselves with girls, while making out and stuff, on the website, and the more you do so more you get the points. Luv Nanda was going to become the highest scorer that year. This was shown to Rhea by the brother of a friend of Rhea.
The only way for Luv to win this contest was to get Rhea into bed with him on her 18th birthday eve as, this would've provided him another 1,000 points, which would've propelled his profile to untouchable heights for that year. She goes along naively until she realises that it's not love but points that Luv wants to score. Now out to get him by the balls, she has a plan up her sleeve with her gal pals. Rhea believes that Luv has power as long as his Car, Cash, Charm and his friends are intact. Rhea makes a pact with Minty (her sister) and then goes to take everything from Luv Nanda by which he attracts girls (who now wants to have Natasha in place of Rhea). She breaks his car, screws his date with Natasha as she accidentally eats the cupcake which was meant for Luv and she is forced to go to toilet in a public road, spikes his drink with a kind of drug after which, comes the famous Mutton Song where, Luv dances in a bar, dressed up like a girl. The video of him dancing is sent to Luv's friends who believe he is gay and the girls steal his credit cards to buy hot posters of actors and mankinis so that Luv's father thinks he is gay.
Then, at Golu's party, where Freddy Kapoor (Ali Zafar) came to play, she takes Luv to a room where hidden cameras were put to shoot the whole proceeding. Luv, who's found out about Rhea's plan, ties Rhea's hands. But, she unties herself and sprays pepper-spray on Luv and proceeds to tell him that, though girls don't have balls, they sure do know how to kick them after which, she kicks Luv's balls. When she comes out of the room, she finds everyone cheering for her. The film proceeds to have Freddie Kapoor drop Rhea at her home and asking Rhea for a date to which Rhea replies by telling him to call her. In a semi post-credits scene, we see Timmy telling Luv that he (Timmy) is gay and he knows that so is Luv (part of the plan of the girls) and jumps on him after lowering his pants.