Sahara Hare

This is another classic battle between Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam (Riff Raff Sam). Bugs pops up out from underground, thinking he has reached Miami Beach, when in reality he is in the Sahara Desert, presumably from "not making that left toin at Albukoike". He comes prepared with a beach chair, sunscreen, sunglasses and even a bucket of carrots and ice. Bugs runs across the desert for some time, eventually becoming dehydrated. He thinks he has found a nice park when he stumbles upon a water hole and a palm tree. (Much of this scene reuses animation from Frigid Hare.)
Meanwhile, Sam, riding on a camel, suddenly comes upon Bugs' tracks and exclaims: "Great horny toads! A trespasser, gettin' footy-prints all over my desert!" Sam orders the camel to move after the foot-prints and then orders it to slow down ("Whoa, camel, whoa!! Whoa!! WHOA!!!! Aw, come on, whoa! When I say 'whoa!' I mean 'WHOA!'") before whacking it on the head with his rifle and knocking it out. As Sam scolds the camel for not slowing down ("Now I hope that'll learn ya, ya hump-backed muley!"), Bugs grabs Sam's keffiyeh and uses it to rub soap out of his eyes. Bugs then asks Sam his catchphrase "Eeehhh...what's up doc? You with the sideshow around here?" Sam angrily retorts "I'm no doc, ya fleabitten varmint! I'm Riff-Raff Sam, the riffiest riff that ever riffed a raff!"
Bugs flees and Sam orders his camel to follow Bugs, but it does not run until Sam yells "When I say 'giddy-up' I mean 'GIDDY-UP!' and whacks it in the posterior. Sam runs after the camel and orders it to slow down, repeating his "Whoa" phrase before hitting it in the head with the rifle once again ("When I say 'whoa' I mean WHOA!"). During this, Bugs spots a vintage car and tries to switch it on, but it turns out to be a mirage. Bugs flees into a deserted French army base and shuts the door causing Sam to be knocked into it.
Sam orders Bugs to surrender and open the door but this time the door opens like a drawbridge (initially it closed sideways from the inside). The drawbridge crushes Sam and when Sam screams for Bugs to close it, it raises to reveal Sam flattened and running around enraged. Sam then tries various methods to getting into the fort that all fail:
Eventually Bugs sets up a trap where in an entrance to the fort, Sam must open several doors to get into the fort; Bugs sets the final door with bombs so that if Sam tries to open it the explosives will detonate. As Sam continues to open all doors Bugs walks off. He then stops, turns around and waits ("I wonder if he's stubborn enough to open all those doors.") until a large explosion occurs ("Yep. He's stubborn enough."). Bugs continues walking away.
A hole then opens up on the ground. Similar to Bugs' arrival a beach chair, an umbrella and a bucket of ice come flying out of the hole. Daffy Duck then jumps out of the hole. Like Bugs in the beginning Daffy thinks he has arrived at Miami Beach and enthusiastically runs toward the non-existent ocean. Bugs tries to tell Daffy that he is not at Miami Beach, but Daffy ignores him. Bugs gives up and says, "Eh, let him find out for himself.".