Kuttrame Thandanai

Ravi, a young man suffering from tunnel vision, works as a collection boy in a credit card collection office. Anu is his senior officer, and also a close friend. Ravi lives in a housing colony, which is surrounded by many flats. He lives in the first floor and opposite to his house in the ground floor lives Swetha, a young woman who appears to be modern and carefree. Ravi always watches her from his balcony and sometimes watches her secretly. She is often visited by a few men. One of them is her boss Vijay Prakash, who brings her a gift and the other seems to be her boyfriend Arun. One day Ravi sees Arun coming out of her house angry and stares at him as he drives away.
Ravi is getting treatment for his eye condition and the lady Doctor says his condition could only get worse in the future and needs an eye transplant, which would cost him ₹. 3,20,000. As he doesn't have enough money, he tries to apply for a loan from his boss, which is rejected.
One night, Ravi sees Vijay Prakash coming out of Swetha's house with panic and gets back inside suddenly and locks the door. Ravi gets suspicious and goes down and enquires him about Swetha. He calls him inside and shows him Swetha,who is lying in pool of blood. Ravi decides that Vijay Prakash has killed Swetha and is angry at him. But Vijay Prakash offers him a deal to remain quiet, despite claiming that he did not kill her and if his name is involved in her death, then it may affect is name and business in the society. So in order to get his eye condition cured, Ravi agrees to remain quiet and takes ₹. 3,20,000 from Vijay Prakash. Vijay and Ravi part ways.
Ravi visits the hospital to pay the money for his treatment, but is told that the full amount for surgery will be ₹. 4,82,000 instead of ₹. 3,20,000 due to some miscellaneous charges. Disappointed Ravi calls Vijay prakash for more money but he refuses to pay any more saying that their deal is over. Meanwhile, police start investigation and start enquiring everyone in the colony and finally visit his house too. He initially says he doesn't know anything, but as he is angry on Vijay Prakash for not giving him money, he informs the police that he saw a man near Swetha's house on the night of the murder.
The police takes him to the station and begin to enquire, at the same time Arun (Swetha's boyfriend) is in the station applying for anticipatory bail, saying that he never knew anyone named Swetha. Ravi identifies Arun as the man he saw on the night of the murder to the police and Arun is considered as the prime suspect. Ravi tries to contact Vijay Prakash again but his phone is switched off. With Anu's help, he somehow gets his number and meets him again, threatening that he will inform about him to police and strikes a deal again, this time for ₹. 2,00,000 rupees.
Ravi goes to the hospital again and is informed that his name is registered for surgery and is on the waiting list to get a suitable donor and is told that he must wait for a long time. Frustrated, Ravi shouts at the hospital employees and is enraged. An employee says him that if he pays ₹. 5,00,000 extra as a bribe, his name will pushed up the order and his surgery will take place soon.
Ravi is Clueless about what to do. One night he is met by a stranger who was sent by Arun's advocate and he offers him a deal to remain quiet in the court, as Ravi is the only witness in this case. Ravi agrees for a deal of ₹. 5,00,000 but Arun's side offer him only Rs.1,00,000 as advance and the remaining money after the hearing of the case. Ravi half heartedly agrees and takes one lakh.
While walking back home Ravi is attacked by a stranger. Ravi guesses that it must be the work of Vijay Prakash and visits him. He threatens Vijay Prakash saying that he will reveal everything to his family if he doesn't agree to his deal. and Ravi demands ₹. 25,00,000. Enraged, Vijay Prakash shouts at him saying that he did not kill swetha but eventually agrees to pay Ravi and also agrees that he had an affair with Swetha.
In the court, Arun is enquired in front of the judge and he says that he too had a relationship with Swetha but never intended to marry her. Ravi false witnesses that he saw Arun on the day of the murder and the court takes this as an evidence and announces Arun as the killer. He is arrested. Arun's lawyer and father are puzzled. Ravi returns ₹. 1,00,000 to them and returns home. His house owner asks him to vacate his house so he starts packing his things.
Ravi has a secret mobile phone in which the wallpaper is a photo of him and Swetha together. It is then revealed that Ravi and Swetha were in a relationship and Swetha started avoiding him after knowing about his eye condition. Also she turns out to be unfaithful, sleeping with many men for her pleasure and profits. This enrages Ravi and he asks her to come with him and he is ready to accept her. She refuses and insults Ravi. So Ravi kills her in a fit of rage and escapes.
Finally Ravi is met on the road by the Lady doctor who initially diagnosed him with this eye condition and tells him that, his condition is indeed incurable and he will become blind despite an eye transfer. She was forced to lie to him because of the hospital pressure and leaves.
Ravi is totally heartbroken and regrets that he did a big mistake. He and Anu move to some other state and live a peaceful life, where as Ravi is completely blind and is assisted by Anu. The film ends by showing that Ravi's mistakes were indeed the Punishments.