Simha

Srimannarayana (Nandamuri Balakrishna) is a lecturer in a University in Hyderabad and lives with his grandmother (K. R. Vijaya). He does not tolerate injustice anywhere and mercilessly beats up people who dare to break the law, a personality which makes him feared and respected among others. A female lecturer Mahima (Namitha) is attracted to him, though he doesn't reciprocate her feelings. While beating up a goon who threatened to acid attack|throw acid on a girl after she spurned his advances, he accidentally punches a comatose man on the head, waking him from his 28-year coma. This man's name is Veerakesavudu (Sai Kumar).
One day, a new student Janaki (Sneha Ullal) joins the college where Srimannarayana is teaching. She initially thinks that he is a rowdy after an earlier encounter with him in a share auto and seeing how everyone in the college fears him, but once she finds out about his true personality, she develops a crush on him. One day, after Srimannarayana rescues her from a group of thugs, she reveals her past. Her father, businessman Jagadish Prasad (Rahman), has a business rivalry with Gopi (Adithya Menon), a gangster, who happens to be Veerakesavudu's son. After Veerakesavudu woke up from his coma, he ordered Jagadish to give Janaki's hand in marriage to Gopi so that their mutual rivalry is finished, to which he agreed, fearing the wrath of Veerakesavudu. But Gopi killed Janaki's brother during the wedding after he insulted him, prompting Jagadish to send Janaki to Hyderabad to continue her studies. The thugs who tried to kidnap her were Gopi's henchmen. On hearing this, Srimannarayana vows to protect Janaki and accommodates her next to his house. He soon reciprocates her feelings for him, prompting Maheswari to drop her love for him.
Unfortunately for Janaki, Gopi finds out that she is with Srimannarayana and kidnaps her, only for Srimannarayana to rescue her after a dramatic car chase. When they reach home, they are confronted by Gopi's henchmen. Jagadish too arrives there at the same time that Srimannarayana is fighting the henchmen and in a bid to help, accidentally stabs Srimannarayana's grandmother. Srimannarayana is enraged and attempts to kill him, but his grandmother stops him. Jagadish immediately leaves with Janaki. Later, Srimannarayana confronts his grandmother and asks her why she didn't let him kill Jagadish. In reply, she reveals about their past.
30 years ago, in the town of Bobbili, Veerakesavudu and his family ran a ruthless self-government, tormenting the townsfolk and supported by the police. The only person who dared to fight them back was a doctor named Narasimha (Nandamuri Balakrishna), who belonged to the Bobbili royal family and was the father of Srimannarayana. He took the law into his own hands and killed many of Veerakesavudu's henchmen, including his brothers, when he caught them tormenting others. While not killing others, he ran a 24x7 hospital which provided treatment free of cost. His wife Gayatri (Nayantara) was an ideal wife who was always affectionate towards Narasimha and supported all his methods. Jagadish, who was Gayatri's brother and who wanted to start a business with Veerakesavudu's help, warned her about the dangerous behaviour of Narasimha, but she brushed the warnings aside, having full faith in her husband and his methods. Veerakesavudu and his father (Kota Srinivasa Rao) eventually decided to eliminate Narasimha and his family once and for all by attempting to poison them during a temple function. When the temple priest warned Narasimha about the threat to his life, Narasimha rushed to Veerakesavudu's house and killed all his men as well as his father. However, Veerakesavudu was ultimately successful in killing Narasimha and Gayatri. But just before he died, Narasimha hit Veerakesavudu on the head, sending him into a coma which he only woke up from after 28 years. Narasimha's mother, who happens to be Srimannarayana's grandmother, took the young and newly orphaned Srimannarayana away with her to Hyderabad so that he could be brought up away from the violence in Bobbili.
On hearing about his family's past, Srimannarayana immediately decides to take revenge on Veerakesavudu and heads for Bobbili to finish his father's mission. He single-handedly fights Veerakesavudu, Gopi and their henchmen and finally kills them all, fulfilling the wishes of the Bobbili townsfolk who wanted the Veerakesavudu family's reign of terror and horror to be ended for good.