Naseeb Apna Apna

Chandu is an innocent village girl who does not look beautiful, especially with the hairstyle that makes her look ugly. However, her father's effort does not back off to find a groom for her. Kishan is a young salesman who has many dreams about his life and his life partner, but is very scared of his dominant father. Kishan's father and Chandu's father are close friends. Seeing his friend's struggle to marry off his daughter, Kishan's father arranges marriage for Kishan and Chandu without Kishan's consent. Kishan gets angry upon his father's decision and is further shocked to see his wife-to-be Chandu, who is dark skinned and lacks social graces. However, scared of his father, he marries her. Kishan hates to live with Chandu, but innocent Chandu does not realise her husband's intentions and continues to serve her duties as wife to him.
Meanwhile, Kishan gets an award for best performance in his job and leaves to receive a medal. He meets a beautiful light-skinned woman, Radha, from Bombay, who is also an award winner. When he returns to his office, he finds that one of his friends has to leave Bombay on transfer, but is not willing to leave. Kishan uses this opportunity to escape from his father and ugly wife and opts for the transfer instead of him and leaves Bombay. At Bombay he accidentally lands up in Radha's house and stays there. Radha and Kishan fall in love and marry.
Kishan's father threatens his son to take away Chandu with him, and so he unwillingly takes her with him. But on reaching Bombay, he finds Radha has come to receive him and leaves Chandu in the railway station alone and goes away with Radha. But when he goes back to the station to find Chandu, he cannot find her, but instead he meets her in his house as a servant-maid. Chandu finds that her husband has married another woman and gets shocked.
Chandu was brought to Kishan's house by his brother in law. She does not tell the truth to anyone and decides to stay in their house as a maid working for her husband.
Would Radha come to know about the relationship between her husband and her servant-maid? Will Kishan live with Chandu or Radha? This forms the rest of the story.