Ilasu Pudhusu Ravusu

Deepak (Deepak Dinkar), Suja (Suja Varunee), Ramesh (Ramesh), Payal (Payal), Bhagya (Bhagya) and Karishma (Poorvaja) are carefree plus two students. Deepak lost his mother at an early age and his father (M. S. Bhaskar) got married with another woman. Deepak cannot concentrate on studies, thus his father is making love with his wife in front of him. The students only aim is having fun in class and making fun of teachers. The school boys spent much of their time smoking cigarettes, reading erotic novels and chilling out eyeing for girls. The strict school headmaster A. Swaminathan (Vadivelu) makes their lives miserable and he takes every opportunity to sanction the students. One day, the student Bhagya (Bhagya) attempts to commit suicide when A. Swaminathan humiliated her in front of the other students. Tired of the headmaster's punishments, the students decide to get revenge on the authoritarian A. Swaminathan. This led the students to take a radical decision, thus they hire the naive snake charmer Muniyandi who looks exactly like A. Swaminathan to act as the school headmaster. Thereafter, the students kidnap and sequester A. Swaminathan, the Tamil teacher and Deepak's father.
The uneducated Muniyandi becomes the new headmaster, therefore the students do whatever they like during the classes. One night, Suja, Payal, Bhagya and Karishma have drunk a lot of beer. The drunk girls then join the boys, and fell asleep in their beds. The morning, they wake up with a jolt, they were just wearing a towel and they suspect the boys for having sex with them when they were sleeping. Deepak swears that they only changed their clothes full of vomits but the girls didn't believe him. In the heat of anger, Ramesh, Eashwar (Eashwar) and Pradeep (Pradeep) decide to lose their virginity so they hire a prostitute, the prostitute confessed that she did this for paying her little brother's studies and advised the boys to focus on studying. Later, the police raided the brothel and arrest the three friends, the boys are thereupon released from jail. Deepak and his friends free A. Swaminathan and they all apologize to him for being so immature. Ramesh's mother Laskhmi (K. R. Savithri), who worked so hard for paying her son's studies, was so heartbroken that her son went to a brothel that Laskhmi prepares a meal, which she has poisoned herself. During the school lunch break, Laskhmi usually brought the lunch and feed her son Ramesh, but this time she asks Ramesh to feed her. He feeds his mother, after only a few bites of food, Laskhmi dies in his lap. Ramesh and the others students mourn the death of Ramesh's mother. Ramesh, who is deeply affected by her death, behaves like a lunatic : he opens a book and starts studying.