Message from the King

Jacob King, living in South Africa, receives a message from his estranged sister Bianca, who lives in Los Angeles with her husband and step-son, that she is in trouble and has something "they" want. King flies to Los Angeles with a return ticket in seven days' time, intent on finding his sister and a booking at a cheap motel. Arriving, he meets a neighbor who held some of Bianca's belongings, given to her shortly before Bianca disappeared. The neighbor also informs King that his sister's husband disappeared, and the husband left Bianca with his son. He finds her landlady, who says that a local business owner suddenly paid Bianca's rent before she left, and that she had descended from sobriety to drug use and prostitution. King finds the business owner, Duke, with a group of men—part of a gang—and they deny any knowledge of her. A local shopkeeper tips King off that his sister is dead, and he finds her in the morgue, tortured and murdered.
Among Bianca's belongings, King finds several photographs of herself with various men, including a gang member who had denied knowing her, a dentist's-office card, and a pack of cigarettes. He confronts the gang member and mutilates his face, telling the man that this is "a message from the King", and steals his phone. At a party held by Bianca's neighbor, he finds out from the neighbor that the husband was pimping Bianca out to pay debts. He lures Bianca's dealer to the party and beats him for information, then steals his phone. Meanwhile, King accidentally interrupts a prostitute at the motel. The prostitute, glad he did not call the police, allows King to borrow her car for some money.
King goes to the dentist under the guise of a referral from his sister; he meets the connected Dr. Wentworth, who says that she was being pimped for her husband's debts and that she often disappeared. After the meeting, it is revealed that she was involved with a politician running for office, Frank Leary, who gives Wentworth the contact details for two hitmen to make the problem disappear. King follows Wentworth to the home of a wealthy Hollywood producer, Mike Preston, whom Wentworth shakes down for $100,000 to cover the cost of the hitmen, and another $750,000 of blackmail money due to his involvement with Bianca's death. At the house, King notices his sister's son, Armand, living at the mansion. Wentworth notices King's car when leaving Preston's house, and calls the hitmen.
Later that day, the hitmen, two LAPD officers, arrest King. King, realizing he is going to be killed, manages to escape, taking a beating in the process. His motel neighbor, Kelly, who is the prostitute who had lent King her car, finds him near the motel and nurses him back to health in her room. The gang realizes that Kelly's car was not stolen. King recovers from his beating and creates a bomb out of materials from a hardware store, then finds an encrypted SD card in Bianca's belongings, hidden in a pack of cigarettes. Realizing that this is what her killers wanted, he is only able to listen to snippets of audio but understands that Preston is the target. He sneaks into Preston's home and forces him to decrypt the file, which reveals camera footage of Preston committing acts of pedophilia on Armand during a party.
Preston reveals that Bianca's husband had fallen into serious debts and the debtors pimped Bianca out, forcing her on drugs, to pay them back. They killed her husband but continued to pimp her out, so she sold her son to Preston for money. When she realized that he was raping her son, she stole the footage and called King for help. Preston asked Wentworth to fix the issue, and Wentworth killed Bianca using the gang members. King lures both Duke and his gang members and Wentworth to Preston's mansion. He kills Preston, then plants a bomb in a packet of money. Duke and Wentworth open the packet, and both are killed. King takes Armand back to Kelly's motel, intent on rescuing the boy, but the sole surviving member of the gang—the one maimed a few days earlier—ambushes him in the room. The boy escapes before King is able to win; King gives chase to Armand, but ultimately gives up.
King drops Kelly and her daughter on the bus to her home town in New Mexico. He hands her a bag which has money he took from Preston's mansion earlier. As he is walking Leary's posters can be seen on the walls of the city of Los Angeles. King returns to South Africa where he is welcomed back and is revealed to be a detective of the local police force.