Raag: The Rhythm of Love

Raag is set in Delhi where Radhika (Zerifa Wahid), a Hindustani singer, lives with her businessman husband Alok (Kenny Basumatary). They first met during one of Radhika's musical performances in Guwahati several years ago. Despite their different philosophies of life they fall in love with each other and get married. Due to Alok’s career change, they later relocate to Delhi. Even after seven years of marriage Alok is still not ready to become a father. He starts to ignore Radhika as an individual and as an artiste. Her music that apparently made him fall in love with her has now become unappealing.
Radhika meets her neighbour Iqbal (Adil Hussain), a painter. Soon they become friends. Surajeet Sahay, whose terrace Iqbal has been using as his shelter and his studio for last ten years, wants Iqbal to vacate the place. The flat was actually Iqbal’s. He had to sell it to Sahay as Iqbal could not arrange money to send off his wife, Natalie (Natasha Mago), and daughter, Noor, to Prague. Iqbal had stayed back on the terrace of the flat, as he didn't want to stay away from the place that holds memories of his wife and daughter, Noor. Now Surajeet Sahay wants to sell off the flat and migrate to Canada. Radhika arranges an exhibition of Iqbal's painting to help him buy the house back. But she fails at that. Just then Partho (Kopil Bora), her childhood singer friend reappears in her life. He was secretly in love with Radhika but had let her go her way when he found out that she married Alok. With his great marketing and PR skills, Partho helps Radhika to organise another exhibition of Iqbal’s painting, which deservedly turns out to be a smashing hit. Iqbal gets his house back. Partho goes back to Guwahati.
Alok, on the other hand, made love without precautions and impregnates his colleague Nandini during one of their business trips outside Delhi. Radhika came to know about it. But they both (Alok and Nandini) claim that it was just an accident and that there is no emotional involvement from either side. It is a decisive moment for Radhika to choose amongst Alok, Iqbal and Partho. The script does not show the decision Radhika made and leaves it open for interpretations. Flashforwarding to five years, the film ends with Radhika and Partho singing jugalbandi on a performance stage and Iqbal and a four-year-old girl sitting among the audience and enjoying the jugalbandi.