The Snake Woman

In the tiny Northumbrian village of Bellingham in 1890, herpetologist Dr Horace Adderson (John Cazabon) has successfully been keeping his wife Martha's (Dorothy Frere) unnamed mental illness under control by regularly injecting her with snake venom. When Martha dies giving birth to their daughter, local midwife Addie Harker (Elsie Wagstaff), who villagers believe is a witch, proclaims that the baby - who doesn't blink and is cold to the touch - is pure evil, the 'devil's offspring' and must be destroyed. She is stopped before she can stab the new-born with scissors. But she runs to the local pub and an angry mob follow her to Adderson's laboratory and set it and his house ablaze.Just before they arrive, Dr Murton (Arnold Marlé), who delivered the baby, saves her by giving her to a sympathetic local shepherd (Stevenson Lang) to watch her for the night. Murton doesn't know that Adderson was killed by a snakebite as his lab burned and believes that Adderson will return for the child in the morning. Murton then leaves Bellingham for an extended period of research in Africa.
Nineteen years later, Murton returns and learns that several corpses have been discovered on the moors, each containing lethal amounts of king cobra venom. Encouraged by Addie, the fearful villagers believe that the Curse of the Snake Woman is upon them. Col Clyde Wynborn (Geoffrey Denton), who has retired to the village, phones an old army colleague (Hugh Moxey), now an Inspector at Scotland Yard, to report the strange events. The Inspector despatches Charles Prentice (John McCarthy), but the young detective is sceptical of the supernatural aspects of the case as he begins his investigation.[2]
Charles soon encounters a beautiful, though unblinking and cold to the touch, young woman named Atheris (Susan Travers), She was the baby born of the Addersons and raised by the shepherd until she mysteriously disappeared. Atheris is attracted to Charles by the tune he's tootling on a snake-charmer's flute that Wynborn has given him.
After discussing the case with Wynborn and again seeing Atheris, Charles goes to Addie's house, where she pins a voodoo doll to the wall and tells Charles to shoot it three times. When he does, Aggie tells him that the Curse of the Snake Woman has now been broken - but that he, Charles, must shoot Atheris three times and kill her. Charles doesn't believe any of what he's learned and decides to return to London. He stops at the Bellingham pub to write his report and Polly the barmaid (Frances Bennett) convinces him that the curse is indeed true. Charles then heads off to find Atheris. When he discovers the full-body skin that she's shed, as a snake would, and Aggie explains what it is, he too believes that Atheris is the snake woman.
In the meantime, a village boy has died from a snakebite. Murton believes that Atheris has murdered the boy and sets out to destroy her. But when he aims his shotgun at her, Atheris kills him. The boy's father, distraught over his son's death and quite drunk, also goes to the moors to find Atheris. She kills him, as well.
After finding Murton's body, Charles catches up Atheris and tells her that he understands that she can't help being what she is and that he'll make sure that she comes to no harm. But she instinctively transforms into a cobra, and after menacing Charles, he is forced to shoot her three times, just as Aggie had predicted. Upon returning to Scotland Yard, Charles submits his report to the Inspector, who promptly destroys it - not because he fears that it might not be believed, but because it might.