Deep Rising

Amidst a storm, Finnegan and his crew, Joey and Leila, are hired by a group of mercenaries led by Hanover to pilot their boat across the South China Sea to an undisclosed location in the middle of the ocean. Meanwhile, the Argonautica, a luxury cruise ship built and owned by Simon Canton, is undertaking its maiden voyage when a saboteur disables the ship's navigation and communication systems. A large object rises from beneath and collides with the vessel, leaving it dead in the water, while the panicking passengers are attacked by unseen creatures.
Finnegan's boat collides with a speedboat shaken loose during the collision, at which point the mercenaries take over and reveal they intend to rob the Argonautica's passengers and vault, before sinking the ship with torpedoes. The group boards the ship, leaving Leila and a mercenary named Billy, behind to repair the boat, where they are both killed by the same creature. The group reaches the ballroom only to find blood and no sign of the passengers. Finnegan and Joey go to the engine room to scavenge parts to repair the boat, under the guard of T-Ray and Mamooli who are both killed as well; as they are escaping they run into Trillian, a passenger who was imprisoned for stealing. Meanwhile Hanover's group reaches the vault and Vivo opens it only to be accidentally killed by Canton, who was hiding inside the vault along with Captain Atherton and three other passengers. They explain that the ship was attacked by unknown creatures that killed everyone else on board.
Under questioning, Canton is found to be responsible for the ship's sabotage, having hired the mercenaries to sink the unprofitable ship so that he could collect on the insurance. The group is attacked by the creatures, consisting of giant spike-covered tentacles, which eat Captain Atherton. Canton theorizes that the creatures are an extreme evolution of the Ottoia, which liquefy their victims and then eject the carcasses. With the rest of the mercenaries being killed, the survivors are herded towards the bow of ship, where they find a "feeding room" full of bloody skeletal remains. The creatures break through the hull, flooding the lower decks and separating the survivors. Hanover tries to sacrifice Joey to save himself, but instead gets eaten himself.
Finnegan and Joey spot an island from a distance and make it back to Finnegan's boat, but they have lost their engine parts, rendering it useless as a means of escape. They instead set the boat's autopilot to crash into the Argonautica and detonate the torpedoes. As Finnegan and Trillian find jet skis they can use to reach the island, the tentacles smash through the main deck, revealed to be part of a single giant creature. Finnegan discovers Joey has gone missing, leaving him and Trillian to escape while being pursued by the creature. Canton jumps onto Finnegan's boat, but is unable to disable the autopilot. The boat crashes into the Argonautica, destroying both ships and killing Canton and the creature.
Finnegan and Trillian reach the island and are reunited with Joey, who survived the ordeal and paddled ashore using Finnegan's surfboard. As the three relax, a loud roar echoes from the forest and something huge crashes toward them through the trees. As the camera pulls back, the island is revealed to be primordial[disambiguation needed]. Finnegan is heard saying his movie catchphrase, "Now what?", as the film ends.