Gangotri

Neelakantham Naidu (Prakash Raj) is a big factionist. He has a loyal confidant Narasimha (Suman), who is willing to give his life for the sake of his master. After many years, Neelakantham's wife (Pragathi) gives a birth to a baby girl. But all the earlier babies born to Neelakantham died due to some unknown reason. The priests advise Neelakantham to name his daughter as Gangotri. They also warn Neelakantham that the child has 'jalagandam', hence they ask Neelakantham to take Gangotri to the holy place of Gangotri (after which she was named) in the Himalayas and perform 'abhyangana snanam' (bathe with turmeric, milk, etc.) for the next 15 years. After 15 years, Gangotri would be free of any danger. When nobody could entertain the child Gangotri, Simhadri, the son of Narasimha entertains her with a song. Simhadri becomes a servant and friend to Gangotri. They grow up together. Simhadri (Allu Arjun) and Gangotri (Aditi Agarwal) are good friends. In the mean time, Simhadri's mother (Seetha) sacrifices her life to save Neelakantham. When Gangotri attains puberty, Gangotri's paternal aunt (Telangana Shakuntala) restricts Simhadri from meeting Gangotri as it would be wrong. When Simhadri comes to Gangotri's place clandestinely to meet her, they are caught by Neelakantham. Neelakantham's sister speaks badly about their relationship. Neelakantham beats Simhadri. Meanwhile, Narasimha comes to the spot and interferes. This causes a rift between Neelakantham and Narasimha. Neelakantam is misinformed about Narasimha's intentions; hence he has bombs planted in Narasimha's house. Simhadri is away at that time. When Simhadri comes to know that Neelakantam is responsible for the bombing, he comes to Neelakantam's house and challenges that he will marry Gangotri in 365 days. Then Simhadri goes to the holy place Gangotri and waits for his ladylove to come there for the final sacred bath. They try to elope but Neelakantham sobes Simhadri with sword and Gangotri commits suicide which makes Neelakantham realise their love. Simhadri gets consciousness and with their favorite tune from flute and get back his love and they hug each other.