Bhooloham

There are two rival factions of boxing in North Madras. One is Irumbu Manithar Rasamanickam rival and other is Nattu Marunthu Vaathiyar rival.Irumbu Manithar boxer mariappan's son is Arumugam and Nattu Marunthu Vaathiyar boxer Munusamy's son is Bhooloham.Now,in present Irumbu Manithar boxer is Arumugam(I S Rajesh) while the other one Naatu Vaithiyar is Bhooloham (Jayam Ravi). Bhooloham has a severe grudge against Arumugam because Arumugam's father had defeated Bhooloham's father in a boxing match. Unable to bear this loss, Bhooloham's father commits suicide. Bhooloham wants to avenge the death of his father by killing Arumugam in the match. This rivalry is being used by Deepak Shah (Prakash Raj) a shrewd TV CEO for making money through his FSC (Future Sports Channel) Independent Boxing Cup. Deepak exploits the innocence of the boxers and makes them fight to gain TRP's. In the inaugural Match of IBC, Bhooloham hits Arumugam to the extent that he goes into coma. Bhooloham later realizes his mistake and becomes a Saamiyar (Saintly person). He gets a Job in Sindhu (Trisha Krishnan)'s (his love interest) college as a waiter. But Deepak, who is hell bent on fixing Bhooloham's match with Destroyer Gurudayal (Arpit Ranka), hatches a conspiracy. Bhooloham, who desperately needs money to fund Arumugam's operation, falls prey to Deepak's Plan. As Bhooloham hits Dayal after the match is over, he loses the match. Unable to bear Bhooloham's loss, Bhooloham's coach(Ponvannan) commits suicide. Meanwhile, Deepak plans to bring Steven George (Nathan Jones) to kill Dayal as to increase TRP'S of the channel. When Dayal tries to leave the tournament, Deepak threatens Dayal that he will kill his family. Under pressure, Dayal lodges a complaint against Deepak in the Boxing Union. There, Bhooloham declares that he will fight against George, not to show his supremacy, but to expose the wrongdoings of Deepak. He reveals that his coach was being pressured by Deepak for entering into the ring against Dayal, and when Bhooloham gets defeated, Deepak deceives him. The Union supports Bhooloham, and they make a plan that George himself will declare that he will fight against Bhooloham. The plan succeeds, and Deepak, though reluctant, has to go to the Union Office for signing Bhooloham for the fight. The agreement which Deepak poses against Bhooloham is partially rejected by Bhooloham, and Bhooloham poses a counter agreement against Deepak. Deepak, though reluctant, is forced to sign on the agreement created by Bhooloham and the Boxing Union. After signing the agreement, Deepak tells George that he will give George his lifetime earnings in a single match if he kills Bhooloham using a Foul Punch. George agrees to this condition and practices hard for the match. The match happens, and surprisingly to Deepak's shock, Bhooloham wins the match as he does not stop the match when George hits the foul punch. After the match, Bhooloham exposes the wrongdoings of Deepak, and as a result, the Future Sports Channel is sealed for lifetime, and Deepak is jailed for his malpractices.