Allied

In 1942 during World War II, Wing Commander Max Vatan, a Royal Canadian Air Force pilot serving on intelligence duties, travels to Casablanca in Morocco to assassinate the German ambassador. He is partnered with a French Resistance fighter named Marianne Beauséjour, who had escaped from France after her resistance group was compromised and killed.
The two pose as a married couple and grow close, despite agreeing that in their line of work feelings can get people killed. Marianne, who is trusted by the Germans, secures Max an invitation to the party where they plan to conduct the assassination. On the day itself, they have sex inside a car in the middle of a desert sandstorm, knowing that they might not survive. However, the mission is successful and they both escape. Max asks Marianne to come with him to London and be his wife. The two get married, settle down in Hampstead, and have a baby girl named Anna, who was born during a bombing raid.
A year later, Max learns from the Special Operations Executive that Marianne is suspected of being a German spy, having adopted her identity after the real Marianne was killed in France. In order to test their suspicions, SOE runs a "blue dye" operation: Max is ordered to write down a piece of false intelligence at home, where Marianne can find it. If the information is picked up from intercepted German transmissions, Max must personally execute her, or be hanged for high treason. Max is told otherwise to act normally.
Defying orders, Max visits a former colleague named Guy Sangster who knew Marianne, but, blind from a wartime injury, cannot confirm her identity. However, Sangster reveals that the resistance fighter Paul Delamare worked with Marianne in France and would be able to identify her. Max then seeks out a young pilot named Adam Hunter, gives him a photograph and instructs him to ask Delamare whether his wife is really Marianne.
Max and Marianne host a party one night, during which Max hears from a colleague that the operation might be a test, before he is given a vital job in the run-up to D-Day. Max's commanding officer Frank Heslop tells him that Hunter was killed while waiting on the ground for the answer. Max then notices Marianne talking to a local storeowner in the kitchen. Marianne tells Max it was a local jeweller trying to sell her a brooch. He runs outside and catches the salesman, and deceptively asks about the earrings, but the salesman corrects Max that it was indeed a brooch. Max later tells Heslop that the "blue dye" operation could be a high level test; Frank denies it, but Max suggests that he could not know, because it would be above Frank's pay grade. Frank urges Max to continue the "blue dye" operation.
The following evening, Max takes the place of a Lysander pilot and flies to France to meet with Delamare, who is being held at the local police station. Max and the local resistance break into the town's local jail and detain the lone officer. Delamare is drunk and cannot verify the picture. The delay allows time for the French police officer to alert the Germans, which Max and his team manage to defeat. Prior to leaving, Max is informed by Delamare that Marianne was a talented pianist who had played "La Marseillaise", the French national anthem, in defiance of occupying Germans in the early stages of the war.
Back in England, Max takes Marianne to a local pub and demands she play the piano. Marianne cannot, and admits she is a spy and forwarded the "blue dye" message which Max left in plain view. She claims her feelings for Max are genuine and that she and her child were being threatened by German spies in London, including the woman who lives around the corner and often looks after Anna.
Max, unwilling to kill his wife, tells her they need to leave before the SOE catches them. He declares they only have one hour. He then retrieves Anna and kills Marianne's handlers - the nanny and the jeweler. Max uses his credentials to get onto the airbase to flee the country via airplane. Max cannot get the plane to start prior to the arrival of the military police. Commanding officer Frank Heslop calmly drives his own vehicle into the plane's propeller just as Max finally gets the plane engine running well. Marianne wraps up Anna in a blanket and says goodbye to her, and then gets out of the car to tell Max that she loves him and asks him to take care of Anna, before pulling out a concealed handgun and shoots herself under the chin. Heslop orders the soldiers present to report that Max executed Marianne as per his orders, so that Max himself will not be punished.
After the war, Max moves to the ranch in Medicine Hat, Alberta, Canada, which was always his ambition, and raises Anna. The film ends with a flashback of Marianne reading the letter that she had earlier written to her daughter, anticipating that one day her real identity would be uncovered.