Seniors

The film starts with two scenes, one in 1981, in which a husband is waiting for his flirtatious wife to come home and take care of their son and baby daughter, the wife comes with her boyfriend and after a fight decides to leave the husband and child.
Again in flashback, in 1996, its college day festival and after a dance performance, Indu (Padmapriya) comes to enquire about her sister Lakshmi (Meera Nandan) who is with her four friends and one of them says he would drop her home. The friends are having a good time enjoying the college day festival. In sudden turn of events, there is a loud scream and all the students rush out to see what happened, only to find Lakshmi dead. Present Day, out of the four friends Rex Immanuel (Kunchacko Boban), Philip Idikkula (Biju Menon), and Rashid Munna (Manoj K. Jayan), 3 of them are excited to know about the return of Pappu alias Padmanabhan (Jayaram) who was accused and spent time in jail for the murder of Lakshmi. Due to Pappu's stubbornness friends decide to get back to their studies, after a gap of 12 years. Now back from Jail, Pappu wants to start everything from where they have missed it and the other three support him, taking a break from their jobs and joining the college for M.A Philosophy. Following certain hilarious sequences of the foursome in college, there are some interesting twists and turns to the plot, but the main aim of Pappu is to find the deep mystery behind the tragedy that happened 12 years ago and to find the killer which is among his friends. At the end of the college festival programme he identifies the killer of Lakshmi is none other than his friend Rex. He reveals that he saw Lakshmi in bed with another person which made him angry to know that two women in his life:- his mother and Lakshmi are cheaters which made him kill Lakshmi. After saying this, he targets Jenny but Pappu stops him. He becomes the convict to save Rex. In the end Pappu is back to college and everything is back to normal.