Manapanthal

Two brothers hailing a wealthy family with the elder on Rajasekaran(S. A. Ashokan) being an alcoholic, while the younger one Gunasekaran(S. S. Rajendran) is a successful medical practitioner. The widowed mother Kannamba(P. Kannamba) showers her love and affection on her two sons and tries to her elder alcoholic son, with little success. The younger son Gunasekaran stayed in another town with a widowed mother Dharuvamma(K. Malathi) and her sprightly daughter Malathy(E. V. Saroja), who falls in love with him, he too seems to shows some interest in her.
However, on a rail journey to his hometown, he meets elderly man Dharmalingam(Chittor V. Nagaiah) with an attractive daughter Suguna(B. Sarojadevi) and both falls in love, hope to marry soon. Meanwhile, the drunkard sons mother hopes marriage will reform him and fixed his marriage with an attractive girl Suguna without realizing that her younger son is love with her.
The wedding happens, and the younger brother Gunasekaran, due to an accident, is unable to attend it and has no knowledge that the bride is his sweetheart Suguna. Later, when he meets her, he is shocked. The husband suspects his wife and brother when he comes to known she was her sweetheart earlier. He decides to kill them. Meanwhile, the Kannamba dies, leaving behind all the property to her daughter-in-law.
Now, the Gunasekaran puts on an act of having become on alcoholic and makes overtures to his sister-in-law Suguna, who slaps him. Watching, this her husband realize the truth and apologizes to her. The family is reunited. While a train journey, Gunasekar notice young women dressed as bride lying on the railway track to commit suicide. The train stops in time and the Gunasekar find that the women is Malathi, who is still in love with him. The two marry and live happily.
The comedy is well-handled by ace comedian K. A. Thangavelu with M. Saroja as his sweetheart and noted comedian Rama Rao as her Astrologer- father. This doctor Navadeenal shudders if anyone mentions the Word Operation in his presence and that is part of the comedy.[1]