Thaalikaatha Kaaliamman

Bose (Prabhu) and his cousin Pandi (Pandiarajan) come to a village for discovering the miracles of the village's Goddess.
In the past, Abirami (Indhu), a young woman drowned in the village pond. The whole village then thinks that she had done some wrong for which Goddess had punished her. The village's Nattamai (Alex) ordered Abirami's family to leave the village immediately, her husband refused to perform her last rites and abandoned his little daughter. The child was brought up by Kamachi (Manorama), the Nattamai's wife. Thereafter, the village became unpopular, arid and the villagers left the village one by one.
Now, Indhu's daughter, Karpagam (Kausalya) has grew up. Karpagam's uncle, a rowdy, wants to steal her things but Bose saves her. The villagers force Karpagam to do a cruel thing. As there is drought in the village, the villagers want Karpagam to be made as a dead body and take her around the village, so that it rains. To protect her, Bose decides to marry her but the villagers refuses. The village's Nattamai tells what happened really : Abirami was in fact killed by Maruthu, Nattamai's son, and Nattamai concealed it. Later, Goddess punished them : Maruthu died while Nattamai became physically ill. Bose marries Karpagam and the villagers apologise to Karpagam.
Bose returns to his house with his wife. Even though Bose married her secretly, his father Dharmalingam (Manivannan) blesses them and he prepares their wedding reception. At his first night, Bose finds Ramya (Sanghavi) instead of Karpagam in his room and she declares herself to be the woman he married. So Bose asks to his father who is Ramya and he tells the past.
Raghavan (Rajan P. Dev), a police officer, was transferred to their city and he became Dharmalingam's family friend. Ramya, Raghavan's daughter, met Bose in numerous places and she developed a soft corner for him. Raghavan arrested Bose in a misunderstanding and he released him immediately. Raghavan was subsequently suspended and wanted to take revenge on Bose and Dharmalingam. Bose and Ramya finally fell in love with each other. They got married secretly with Dharmalingam and Pandi's help. Raghavan shot Bose with his gun and kidnapped his daughter. Bose is survived but forgot his past. Since this incident, Dharmalingam had no informations about Ramya.
So Bose leaves his house with Karpagam and Pandi. They move in their guest house, there he sees again Ramya who wants to live with him. Later, Bose meets Ramya's mother who is now widow and she tells what happened to Ramya and Raghavan. After kidnapping Ramya, Raghavan tried to take of her thaali but she committed suicide. Few days later, Raghavan died in shock.
Ramya's spirit now wants to fulfil her wish of living with Bose by taking over Karpagam's body. But Goddess comes to help Karpagam. Finally Ramya realizes her mistake and leaves. Bose and Karapagam unite in the end.