Neruppu Da

Guru, Patta, Dhana, Parthi, and Seenu are five childhood friends, who live in the same area in from Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. Their main aim is to join in the Fire Service and save lives. So, till they get their jobs, they go around places dousing off fires and saving lives by themselves. Their actions are praised by the public and the concerned officials, including the Zonal Fire Officer, Narayanamoorthy, who promises them that they will get their jobs, if they write and pass the exam, that is needed for them to join the fire service soon.
On the night before the exam, Dhana meets his friends and he is seen to be injured. He tells them that while he was coming back home after seeing his sister, he was stopped by a man named Sadha and his friend and was slapped without any reason. Dhana tries to move on from there, but Sadha doesn't allow him and repeatedly assaults him. Sadha tells his friend that he is a don and he is unstoppable. So to prove his masculinity, he slapped Sadha. Dhana somehow manages to escape from there, after pushing Sadha away and escapes with his bike. Hearing this, the friends decide to teach Sadha a lesson and go to the place, where the incident happened. But to their shock, they see Sadha lying dead. It is then revealed that when Dhana pushed Sadha away, he fell down, hitting a rock and succumbing to his injury. It is also revealed that Sadha was the right hand of 'Puliyanthope' Ravi, the city's most feared don.
The five friends decide to seek help from Kabaali, the Counsellor of the area and a well wisher of Guru. Kabali tells them that Dhana have mistakenly killed Sadha and 'Puliyanthope' Ravi will definitely come to them to avenge his death. He tells them, that 'Puliyanthope' Ravi is too powerful for him and he cannot help them in this issue. And since, Sadha's friend was there on the scene, the five friends fear that 'Puliyanthope' Ravi will find them. So Guru suggests that, instead of living in fear, they should finish off 'Puliyanthope' Ravi, before he finds them. The five friends make a plan and decide to kidnap 'Puliyanthope' Ravi. They visit the burial place of Sadha, where 'Puliyanthope' Ravi and all the dons from Chennai had assembled. Guru mingles with the dons and instructs the others to hide in very particular places. Once 'Puliyanthope' Ravi gets away from the crowd, he will kidnap him. There, 'Puliyanthope' Ravi asks Sadha's friend, who was drinking when the incident happened, only for him to not remember anything, as he was too drunk. 'Puliyanthope' Ravi kills Sadha's friend in a fit of rage. Guru is relaxed and feels relieved, as the only evidence against them is Sadha's friend, who is now killed and feels that they are free from their troubles.
But, he gets a call from two of his friends, who were hiding in another place. They tell him that, they have kidnapped 'Puliyanthope' Ravi, as they were not aware of the things that happened in the burial site and have hidden him in their area. Guru is very upset and explains to his friends what happened, telling them that they are back in trouble. As they discuss what to do next, 'Puliyanthope' Ravi manages to escape, comes face to face with them, and asks for help. Apparently, 'Puliyanthope' Ravi doesn't remember who kidnapped him, as he met with an accident and became unconscious, which was when the friends kidnapped him. So, once again getting out of trouble, they release 'Puliyanthope' Ravi and live in peace.
'Puliyanthope' Ravi is keen on finding the man, who killed Sadha and kidnapped himself. Since, he was kidnapped and hidden in the area of the friends, he esquires there and catches Kabaali. Kabaali reveals the truth and the five friends are tracked down by 'Puliyanthope' Ravi. Guru manages to overcome and defeat 'Puliyanthope' Ravi and his henchmen in a fight, but spares him, even though he gets an opportunity to kill him. Guru apologizes to 'Puliyanthope' Ravi, by telli him that Sadha's death was an accident. But, 'Puliyanthope' Ravi is shown to have vengeance and a few days later, he confronts Guru and threatens to kill his loved ones.
Some days later, Guru's father, Manikkam is killed. Guru suspects that it was 'Puliyanthope' Ravi and decides to take revenge. But upon reaching Puliyanthope Ravi's place, he sees 'Puliyanthope' Ravi and his henchmen also being dead. The police revealed that, in fact, Puliyanthope Ravi was killed before Guru's father was killed. Guru is confused about who is the new killer. Guru gets a call saying that his friends and his girlfriend, Vasumathi, who is Narayanamoorthy's daughter have been kidnapped and if he wants to see them alive, he must come to a location. There, it is revealed that the person behind all of the murders is Annam, who is a transgender and also Sadha's wife. Annam has been trying to avenge his death. She approaches 'Puliyanthope' Ravi, but he refuses to help her by telling that Sadha's death was an accident and he won't kill Guru or his friends for this. Annam is angered by this and kills 'Puliyanthope' Ravi. She then kills Manikkam. She tells Guru that Sadha loved her so much, despite being a transgender and thinks he had shattered her life. So she decides to kill Vasumathi. But, Dhana escapes and manages to push Annam into the nearby pyre, which was burning, Guru manages to save Vasumathi. As, Annam is on fire, struggling, Guru jumps in and saves her. He tells her, that even if it is an enemy, he will not let someone get killed by fire. Guru apologizes to Annam, telling her that Sadha's death was an accident and left the place along with friends and Vasumathi. Annam gets moved by his gesture and forgives him. Later, the five friends wrote the exam, succeed in passing it, join the Fire Service, and rush to a spot to save some people.