Geethaanjali

Anjali's (Keerthi Suresh) twin sister Geetha (Keerthi Suresh) has committed suicide. Anjali is betrothed to Anoop (Nishan), a member of a prominent family. When her mother falls from a terrace and is paralysed, Anjali and Anoop go to her house in Arackal. Once there, the spirit of Geetha starts to haunt Anjali, which physically disturbs her. Within days of a series of horrifying incidents, Dr. Sunny Joseph (Mohanlal) arrives to treat Anjali and to help her out of her crisis. Because the house was haunted, the family buys a new house, and the future owner Vasu (Ganesh Kumar) claims that he had seen Geetha in a car and wrote down the number on a file. He says that he could give it to them the next day. But Vasu gets a phone call from Geetha's spirit asking him to meet her in the church next morning. He goes there and calls Dr. Sunny for help, but Vasu gets killed before he could help him. Sunny then spots a car driving out of the church and follows it, but the killer already got out of the car before he could spot him. Anjali tells Sunny that Geeta had suicided as she had fallen in love with Anoop as well.
Gruesome events follow that, including the death of Thambichayan (Siddique), a caretaker at Arakal. Dr. Sunny tells everyone that the ghost haunting Anjali is just a psychological effect and not real. For some reason he tries to postpone their marriage, but in vain. On their engagement day, Sunny grabs Anoop and shoves him to his car. He drives to a small graveyard. He tells Anoop that the so-called Anjali is actually Geetha, who has a criminal nature.
there is then a flaskback. Anjali and Anoop fall in love with each other, but Geetha mistakes that Anoop loves her. She loves Anoop. She was angry that Anoop is going to marry Anjali and not her, and eventually killed Anjali during an argument at a beach. Dr. Sunny shows Anjali's grave to Anoop and tells him the whole truth about her. The feeling of guilt in her mind led to seeing Anjali wherever she goes and all horrible incidents that happened were just an illusion seen by Geetha. Vasu was killed by Thambichayan, the only person who knew this apart from Geetha and her mother. It is also shown that it was actually Geetha who accidentally shoved her mother off the terrace, when she was told that Anjali's spirit was in the house. Thambi is later killed by Geetha so that there is no way anyone could find out the truth. He was still not sure, so he had tried to postpone their marriage until he had collected enough evidence to tell them.
Hearing this, Anoop storms into Anjali's house and accused her of taking Anjali's name. She tries to kill Anoop when he says he doesn't want her anymore. Fortunately, Sunny breaks into the house and rescues Anoop, but she takes a gun and aims at them. But an image of Anjali's spirit appears in Geetha's mind (on a mirror), and prevents her from shooting Anoop. Geetha is killed by a fire in the house and Anjali's 'spirit' watches over Geetha while she is dying.
Later, the grave of Geetha is built alongside Anjali's, and Anoop, his family and Thankappan (Innocent) thanks Sunny for helping them.