Mayamohini (മായാമോഹിനി)

The film starts with a plane accident in which a small child narrowly escapes. He is then looked after by his maternal uncle (Vijayaraghavan), and all the family's wealth will be inherited to him. As per their astrologer, in the future he should marry a young woman whose star is Chothi Nakshatra, only then will he prosper in life. The boy grows up to be a young man Balakrishnan (Biju Menon), who is unsuccessful in anything he does.
He falls in love with Maya (Lakshmi Rai), the daughter of a wealthy businessman named Raj Kumar Patella (Mohan Sharma), who is settled in Mumbai. When Patella gets to know about their relation, he objects; Maya elopes with Balakrishnan. In the meantime Lakshminarayanan alias Lakshmi (Baburaj), a friend of Balakrishnan tries to convince Balakrishnan's uncle about the marriage and the uncle agrees to visit the couple. But then, on the second day of the marriage Maya leaves him and returns to Mumbai.
Balakrishnan didn't want his uncle to know that his wife left him, so he hires a woman Mayamohini (Dileep) to act as his wife. The story continues with many twists and later it is revealed that Mayamohini is a man named Mohanakrishnan, who the Kerala police had been searching for. He had been put into a trap by Patella and his men. Balakrishnan agrees to help him in his quest. They travel to Mumbai and there they meet Maya, who is working as a club dancer known by the name Katreena. She agrees to help them and tells all truth about Pattela, that she is a gangster and she was cheated by him years ago when being tricked to work in his company. In the flashback it turns out that Mohanakrishnan's father, Sankaran Potti (Nedumudi Venu), a temple priest, was killed by Pattela and his manager Sanjay (Kazan Khan) to get hold of their property. Pattela is opening a new business (which is a fraud company) in town and on the inauguration day has arranged some dance as well. Mohan gets dressed up as Mayamohini again. Pattela invites 'her' to his room and tries to have sex with 'her'. In the meantime, the cops arrive to arrest Mohan. Pattela dies in the shootout that follows, and later Mohan is released of his charges.
Later, Lakshmi's family comes for an alliance with Mayamohini, not knowing the truth. His sister was also with him and her star is revealed to be Chothi much to the delight of Balakrishnan.