Dark Blood

The movie begins with Harry (Pryce), an actor who hasn't worked in over a year, and his wife Buffy (Davis), an ex-showgirl, traveling by car on their "second honeymoon". After staying overnight at a motel, the owner (Black) informs Harry of previous nuclear testing taking place in the town. The following day, their Bentley eventually breaks down, leading them to run out of water in the middle of the desert. Harry insists on staying with the car rather than to look for help. While Harry sleeps in the back seat, Buffy notices a light in the distance and follows it, leading her to the front door of a cabin belonging to a widower named Boy (Phoenix). He drives with her to rescue Harry. After mentioning he is 18 Hopi Native American, Boy reveals a cave filled with candles and voodoo dolls that he believes have magical powers, which he spends his time making waiting for the world to end.
During their stay, Boy promises to drive them to the nearest town, but keeps delaying this offer by dismantling the entire engine of his truck after telling the couple there's a problem with it, and later telling them he is waiting for friends to arrive before he can take them to town. His friends, meanwhile have been told by Boy where to find their Bentley and they tow it away. Buffy and Boy become attracted to each other, angering Harry. Harry tells Boy to leave her alone while on a shooting hunt. The two have an argument and Boy retreats, leaving Harry to find his way back from the desert. Boy later fires a shot at Harry, but tells him he was shooting a snake in a passive-aggressive gesture. Eventually, the couple become aware that Boy will not let them leave. Exasperated, Harry announces he is walking to the town and marches off alone. After an argument with Buffy, Boy drives off frustrated, finds Harry dehydrated, gives him water and brings him back to the cabin where Boy locks Harry in a barn, telling Buffy he's gone mad from the heat.
Later on, as they are all sleeping, Harry wakes silently, rouses Buffy and steals the keys to Boy's truck in an escape attempt that is quickly thwarted by Boy who catches them as they are leaving his cabin. A fight ensues and after hitting him with a crowbar, Harry is judged by means of a kangaroo court; and ordered to chop wood as punishment. As he is cutting the wood he sees Buffy removing her clothes and is forced to overhear their lovemaking, turning his back unable to watch. Buffy later comes outside to tell Harry that Boy is finally taking them to the town. Boy's friends approach bringing the repaired Bentley and Boy announces only Harry can leave in his car. Outraged, Harry attacks Boy with the axe only for Boy to block the axe's blow with his rifle above his head. However, unable to withstand Harry's strength, the axe hits Boy, splitting open his head and knocking him to the ground. In act of self-defense Harry is forced to fatally wound Boy's dog when it tries to attack him. Boy gets to his feet, telling Harry that he has never wanted to kill a man before, his finger on the trigger of the rifle. Harry begs for his life, but Boy then collapses from the bleeding head wound.
At that moment the couple's car is delivered by Boy's native friends who take Boy inside the cabin where he requests to see Buffy. As his last physical effort, he raises himself up to embrace her, dying in her arms as Harry is held at gunpoint outside. Buffy exits and the couple's fate is up to Boy's friends, one of which is a sheriff - but despite the crime, the couple are told to leave immediately in their car. Boy's friends set the cabin ablaze as a funeral pyre.
Harry and Buffy drive along out of the desert disoriented, exhausted and silent. They hold hands and Harry asks Buffy, "Are you O.K.?", Buffy replies, "No." as she glaces back at the fire's glow. The couple falls silent again.