Veera Kankanam

Vengallaraya Deva (Ramana Reddy) is king of Mallesena, he is a puppet in the hands of Rajaguru (Gummadi) who is black-leg in nature. The entire administration of the kingdom is in Raja Guru's hands only, his son Chandrasena (Jaggayya) creates a decoit team to capture the kingdom with the help of his father and creates anarchy & irregularity in the country. People plead the king about their miseries, immediately King orders Chief Commander Veera Mohan (N. T. Rama Rao) to catch the robbers. Veera Mohan encourages people to build their own strength to get rid of their miseries and asks everyone to wear warrior bands Veerakankanam. Parvathi (Jamuna) daughter of Maha Mantri (K. V. S. Sarma) also wears the band. Parallelly, Princess Rajani (Krishna Kumari) loves Veera Mohan. Raja Guru brings Chandrasena to the fort to stay for some time to save him. Chandrasena wants to trap Rajani, he sends a love letter to her, as Rajani & Parvathi are close friends it falls into the hands of Parvathi. She reaches there, Chandrasena makes her fall in his love. Meanwhile, Veera Mohan finds out that Chandrasena is only the traitor, he catches him and makes him stand in the court as a criminal. The king gave the authority of giving the verdict to Maha Mantri. Parvathi requests her father to excuse Chandrasena but he gives death sentence to him. Here Parvathi plays a drama by speaking in the voice of goddess to her father by standing behind the statue and says that Chandrasena is innocent. King also believes it and Chandrasena is acquitted. Veeramohan is declared as a traitor and he is sent out of the kingdom. Princess also accompanies him to the forest. Parvathi is married to Chandrasena, after the marriage she realizes her husband's bad character and evil acts. Chandrasena captures Rajani in the forest, takes her to his cave and tries to molest her. Parvathi comes to her protection, she pleads her husband, not to do so with no other choice she kills him. At the same Raja Guru tries to kill the king, Veera Mohan in disguise reaches there but Raja Guru cleverly throws the blame on him. Veera Mohan is accused, during the time of judgment Parvathi arrives, reveals all the truth and also brings out the real face of Raja Guru. Raju Guru kills her in the public court, all the public at a time attacks and kills him. Finally, Vengallaraya Deva makes Veera Mohan as king of Mallesena and movie ends with the marriage of Veera Mohan & Rajani.