Chintakayala Ravi

Chintakayala Ravi (Venkatesh) works in a bar named Cyber Wave in New York. He is a head waiter; he works with his three friends who also are the waiter at the same bar. He has a soft spot for software engineers because he came to the US with the dream of becoming a software pro. Unavoidable circumstances prevented him from reaching that goal.
His mother Seshamamba (Lakskmi) tells everybody in her village in Andhra Pradesh that her son is a big software engineer in America. Ravi is hit hard with a sentiment; for the sole reason of not wanting to hurt his mother's feelings, he continues to tell her the sweet lie that he truly is a software engineer in America.
However, problems arise when Seshamamba gets ready to marry her son to Lavanya (Mamta Mohandas), a local village girl because Lavanya believes Seshamamba when she says that Ravi is a software engineer. So, when Lavanya asks her childhood buddy, Sunitha (Anushka), to enquire about Ravi, the truth comes out that he's a bar, waiter. Her family gets angry that Ravi's family lied to them, and when Ravi arrives in the village for betrothal, he is subjected to humiliation. What happens later forms the remaining story.
He troubles Sunitha because she had got her information wrong about Ravi when she understands how a good person Ravi is when he saves her father. Throughout the movie, Ravi and Sunitha become good friends and Ravi plans to find a guy for Sunitha to marry. She aims to rejoin Ravi & Lavanya, but however, it didn't work out. Ravi had saved Srikanth's life while he was in America. Srikanth comes to Lavanya home tries to convince her parents, explaining Ravi is a good person. As Srikanth joins hands with Lavanya parents about Ravi marriage with Lavanya. Ravi and Sunitha fall in love with each other. Both love each other and isn't known until the time of Ravi and Lavanya marriage while an hour waits before Ravi marries Lavanya. Ravi's hidden secret is known and ends off with Ravi marrying Sunitha.