Mouth to Mouth

Sherry (Ellen Page), a disillusioned American teen living on the streets of Europe, happens across the street collective S*P*A*R*K (Street People Armed with Radical Knowledge), led by Harry and immediately follows suit, joining their caravan of orphans, runaways, deadbeats, and punks on a journey around Europe, recruiting new fragile souls. Along the way, a child member of the group, Manson, is accidentally killed when he jumps into a garbage can and hits an artery and his friend Mad Ax (Maxwell McGabe Lokos) becomes heavily depressed. While intoxicated, Sherry calls her mother, much to Harry's anger. At a bonfire party, everyone gets drunk and Nancy takes drugs, which triggers an asthma attack that's treated by her inhaler.
Sherry's mother, Rose, arrives at the party looking for her daughter. While engaging in sex with one of the S*P*A*R*K members, Sherry briefly sees Harry's face between her thighs and is frightened and leaves. She hitchhikes and Rose sees her and picks her up. Tensions arise between them and Sherry gets out of the car and back to the S*P*A*R*K group, where several of the female and male members have shaved their heads and have new rules such as no sex or alcohol.
Her mother soon finds her and she is initiated into the group after selling her house in Lisbon and donating the proceedings to S*P*A*R*K, and she too has her head shaved. After getting half her hair shaved off, Sherry feels that she's unwanted there by Harry and tells him about it. He then kisses her and they have sex, but abandons her and then tells everyone, blaming it on her in the process. The rest of her hair is shaved and Sherry begins to see that Harry is psychologically abusing the rest of the members as well, slowly revealing himself to be a dictator.
After Nancy propositions Sherry to run away to Lisbon, Harry quickly suspects that someone betrayed his trust by planning to leave. In a ring of members, he calls out the perpetrator and Nancy steps forward. She says 'We only wanted to have some fun', accidentally implicating someone else. Harry thinks that Ax is the second person, but Sherry steps forward and tells everyone that it was her idea, along with that whatever good was in the group is now gone. Harry throws Sherry and Nancy into a well known as 'the hole' and urinates on them once everyone had been shepherded into a barn. Nancy tearfully confesses to Sherry that she had sex with Harry and that he was always in her head afterwards. She begins to have a panic attack which triggers her asthma and Sherry screams for help, but everyone ignores them. Ax quickly reels Sherry and Nancy up from the well, but Nancy is already dead. Sherry and Ax both escape the camp, (with a few others following them) to hitchhike once again.