Bharatamlo Arjunudu

Arjun (Venkatesh) is unemployed but tolerant and kind-hearted stays with his father Dasaradharamayah (P. L. Narayana) and stepmother (Tatineni Rajeswari) and step sister Kalyani (Samyutha). One day Arjun beats up a group of ruffians who are thrashing a poor man for not paying extortion taxes headed by Ungarala Ramappa & Ungarala Kishtappa (Paruchuri Brothers) protected by MLA Benerjee (Rao Gopal Rao). With this incident, Arjun's life changes, he invokes the wrath of the local goon. Ugarala Kishtapa warns his parents and insults his sister, at the infuriated Arjun, thrashes him and destroys all his activities. Arjun is arrested C.I. Keshava Rao (Nutan Prasad) henchmen to Benerjee let off him with a warning, but an Inspector Shekar (Sudhakar) notes that Arjun is actually doing the right thing, later he also begins to fall in love with Arjun's sister Kalyani. Arjun is also fallen in love by Sensational Subhadra (Kushboo), a journalist his college meet.
Soon Arjun begins to grab public attention, MLA Benerjee also gets to know of Arjun he thinks that Arjun is working for his rival Ranganayakulu (Ranganath) who is a social reformer. Benerjee orders that Arjun and his friends be eliminated, The gang attack and kill one of Arjun's friend Gokhale (Sai Kumar) is killed in the public. Though Arjun tries his best, no one comes forward to give witness to the murder out of fear, because of which the killers are left free. Soon Arjun's family put him out of the house, he is approached by Ranganayakulu, he invites him to his house treats him as his own son. With Arjun's to help Ranganayakulu destroys all illegal activities of Benerjee and also gets his sister Kalyani's marriage with Shekar at her request, and also handles the shop owner where his father is working for ill-treating the latter. Finally, Ranganayakulu tells Arjun to get some secret files and documents against Benerjee, which can be used to expose him in public. Arjun gets that secret file on his life risk.
Now the story takes a twist Arjun comes to known that Ranganayakulu is a jackal who played the double game with him and has joined hands with Benerjee and that none of the evidence he collected has really been published anywhere, as promised. Frustrated, angered, Arjun goes to fight the politicians at their speech rally but is simply thrown out. Finally, Arjun recollects all the evidence and keeps them before public and court, all the baddies are arrested and the film ends with marriage Arjun & Subhadra.