Searchers (Maliglutit)

In an Inuit community, elders take note that four men, leader Kupak and followers Aulla, Tulimaaq and Timauti, are guilty of murder, lechery and not sharing food. Consequently, they are exiled from the band and left to wander the Arctic landscape. In a nearby community, Kuanana and his wife Ailla are raising children and living in their extended family. Kuanana sets out to hunt for caribou, with the elder instructing him to take the young Siku as his hunting partner, though Kuanana's son Angutii also wishes to go. While they are absent, Kupak and Aulla, longing for women, ambush Kuanana's igloo, abducting Ailla and her daughter. Kuanana and Siku return the igloo, and Kuanana is shocked to see it in ruins, and Angutii murdered. The elder, mortally wounded, tells Kuanana that men kidnapped Ailla and her daughter, and gives him a totem to summon a spirit guide, Kallulik, the loon. The elder then dies.
Kuanana calls for Kallulik's help and hears the loon cry, revealing the direction his wife and daughter were taken. Kallulik and Siku set out with sled dogs and a telescope. While Ailla and her daughter resist their captors and rapists, and attempt to escape, Kupak and Aulla continue to hold them captive. Feeling a low tone in his ear, Kupak takes the ailment as a bad omen and orders Tulimaaq to see if they are being followed. Kuanana spots them by telescope, and Tulimaaq also sees Kuanana is in pursuit.
Armed with a rifle, Kuanana decides he and Siku will split up, assuring Siku that he can take a passage himself. Kuanana discovers his daughter, tied up alone, and unties her and tells her to hide behind the nearby ridge; she also tips him off as to Ailla's whereabouts. Tulimaaq and Timauti are dispatched. Siku is attacked by Aulla, but coming from behind, Kuanana shoots Aulla and saves Siku. Kuanana then tells Siku to rescue his sister behind the ridge, while Kuanana himself searches for Ailla. Out of bullets, Kuanana is attacked by Kupak; they fight by hand until Ailla emerges from behind, stabbing and killing Kupak. The family is reunited.