Kamen Rider Kabuto: GOD SPEED LOVE

In 1999, an enormous meteor crashed onto Earth and caused a global calamity that depleted the planet's waters. Furthermore, the meteor carried extraterrestrial creatures known as the Worms who proceeded to kill humans and assume their identities. In order to counter this new threat, ZECT was formed, who in turn created the Masked Rider System to combat the Worms. The battles lasts over seven years, depleting Earth's resources and turning it into a barren wasteland. By present time, power struggles in ZECT have caused Hidenori Oda to establish a splinter group called Neo-ZECT with Daisuke Kazama and Shura Hokuto to fight against ZECT's authority. A mysterious youth named Souji Tendou arrives to the city and decides to sell his power to either Neo-ZECT or ZECT for his own personal agenda.
At the same time, ZECT has obtained intelligence about a large comet orbiting the vicinity of space. By building the Jacob's Ladder space station, they plan to capture this comet and spread its water throughout Earth, replenishing the Earth’s oceans. The space station includes a function that works in conjunction with the Rider System's Clock Up function. Tendou joins Neo-ZECT after telling Kagami that he will act as a double agent and report back what Neo-ZECT is currently planning while destroying the organization from the inside. Tendou, in turns, updates Neo-ZECT about ZECT's operation, effectively manipulating both groups while getting intel on ZECT's golden rider.
When Neo-ZECT's plan to take over the Jacob's Ladder is initiated, both groups’ true colors come to light. Tendou and Oda proceed to Jacob's Ladder while Shura and Daisuke act as a diversion. Daisuke transforms into Kamen Rider Drake and exploded a few gas tanks in order to gain attention. But The plan failed when Shura betrayed them, and Daisuke realizes it's a trap and ZECT already knows about their attack. Tendou and Oda are greeted by Yaguruma Sou and ZECTroopers, while Daisuke dies facing Shura and her troops. Meanwhile, Tendou and Oda are attempting to fight off Yaguruma. Oda tells Tendou to hurry ahead to the space station, and he will hold Yaguruma and his troops back. Yaguruma transformed into Kamen Rider TheBee before being killed by Oda as Kamen Rider Hercus. Tendou arrived on Jacob's Ladder first and is confronted by Tetsuki Yamato - Kamen Rider Ketaros. Kabuto's fight with Ketaros ends when they both fall off the space station due a shockwave caused by the comet being shattered by meteor that was dragged in by the Clock Up function. Kabuto survives by using the Kabuto Extender for a safe landing while Ketaros dies upon re-entry into Earth's atmosphere and Oda is killed by the mysterious golden rider Kamen Rider Caucasus.
Tendou and Kagami later receive news that Hiyori is on the point of dying due to the exposure to the meteor dust years ago and it is then that Tendou reveals he is Hiyori's brother. Holding the wedding ceremony in a hospital, Hiyori dies soon afterwards. At this point, despite being told that precautions to destroy the meteor will be executed, Shura learns that ZECT's higher ups have sided with the Worms and intend to have the meteor fall. Mortally wounded from an attempt to silence her, Shura lived long enough to call Tendou of the turn of events as he and Kagami take it on as their mission to save humanity from this disaster. Kabuto and Gattack reach the shuttle in time and meet Caucasus, who explains to them that the meteor is carried hibernating Worms. Furthermore, explaining he defends only those who deserve to be the superior form of life, and that missiles within the shuttle will be used to decimate the human population to enable the Worms' infiltration.
The majority of the battle is in Caucasus' favor due to the speed provided to him by the Hyper Zector: The item that Tendou was searching for the entire time. Caucasus was about to kill Kabuto with a Rider Kick when Gattack intercepts the attack, badly wounding himself while allowing Kabuto to take the Hyper Zector from Caucasus and force him out through the air-lock. Kabuto places the injured Kagami into an escape pod to send him to Earth, unaware that Caucasus is holding on Kagami's escape pod and intends to punch a hole into the window to kill the man for his interference. Kabuto luckily uses the Hyper Zector to become Hyper Kabuto and uses Hyper Clock Up to intercept Caucacus before he succeeded and Hyper Kicked him into the space shuttle, destroying him and the vessel.
Hyper Kabuto then uses the Hyper Zecter to send the second meteor back in time by seven years and force it to crash into the first meteor. The result is that only a small fragment of the original meteor hits Shibuya, minimizing the damage and erasing the future in which the Earth's oceans are dried up. But shockwave caused by the two meteors crashing knocks Tendou towards Shibuya, finding his past self in the same situation as in the previous timeline. But Tendou, in his final moments of existence, gives his belt to the younger Tendou to give the boy strength to save Hiyori. With the disastrous future erased, Tendou disappears as his younger self grows up and lives a better life in the new timeline.