My Father Is a Hero

Kung Wei, a police officer of the People's Republic of China, is assigned to spy on a group of Hong Kong terrorists. Despite his worries about his sick wife, who suffered severe asthma, and his eight-year-old son Ku Kung, a martial arts student, Wei's duty interferes with his familial relationship.
Wei is partnered with Darkie, a gang member who formerly worked for a gang leader named Po. Wei and Darkie escape from prison to meet with Po in Hong Kong. Wei is inducted into the gang and participates in an arms deal with foreign criminals. Utilizing a ruse to steal the bombs and keep the money in Po's hands, Wei volunteers to wear a bomb-laden vest to facilitate the operation. The recent operation attracts the attention of an off-duty Hong Kong detective Anne Fong, whose boyfriend, Inspector Cheng, was taken hostage. Fong volunteers herself as a hostage exchange and attempts to foil the operation with an attempted suicide, but Wei intervenes in disabling the vehicle and escaping the scene. Utilizing a photo of Wei that was taken before the arms deal, Fong heads to Beijing to discover his true identity. Back in Beijing, school bullies tease Ku. Fong befriends the Wei family, and deduces Wei's role as a police officer. During her time with the family, Mrs. Wei suffers from a fatal asthma attack, requests Fong to deliver a letter to Wei, and charges her with taking care of Ku.
Anne and Ku planned to travel to Hong Kong by speed boat, informing Inspector Cheng of her recent findings. However, against Fong's wishes, Cheng files a case of Ku missing, which attracts publicity from local media and results in a break-up between the couple. When Ku noticed a police cruiser in front of Fong's apartment, Ku escapes and is picked up by Po. Meanwhile, Wei attempts to sneak in Fong's apartment to recover Ku, but is confronted by Fong before receiving his wife's final letter. Wei is reunited with his son at the gang penthouse but fakes Ku's death with a special choke before he is dumped inside a trash bag. Wei covertly informs Fong of Ku's whereabouts as a Plan B in case he fails to save him. Wei attempts to rescue Ku, only to find out that Po deduced Wei's identity as a cop, since Wei was too skilled compared to the rest of his gang. Wei gets into a losing fight with Po until Fong's intervention. While Fong gives Wei medical care, Ku was recovered by Darkie before Wei's attempted search.
The next day, Po instructs his gang to plant six bombs marked by security cameras at an antique auction attended by rich people. The gangs are restricted from firearms but provided with tonfas instead and also the tickets to access on board. As a means of tying up loose ends, Po and his gang raid Darkie's house-boat, having suspected his role in recovering Ku. Darkie hides Ku from Po's sight before being mortally wounded; Darkie tells Ku about Po's scheme and gives him a mobile phone to contact Wei. Utilizing a beeper number that Wei gave him before his assignment, Ku informs Wei and reveals the bombs' locations. However, before the final bomb can be defused, the phone's batteries die. During the auction, Po attempts to rob the crowd, only to be interrupted by Wei and Ku.
A large melee battle pits the father and son against Po and his men. The pair score a victory against Po's men. Po takes Ku hostage by choking him. Ku uses his breathing exercise to delay the choke until Fong intervenes by shooting Po aboard a helicopter. Fong and Wei try to evacuate Ku off the boat via the helicopter, but Po arms the timer of the last bomb and pins Wei down with a chain while Fong and an unconscious Ku escape. Wei eventually gets out of the pin and knocks Po out, narrowly escaping the boat's explosion and reuniting with Fong and Ku.