The Age of Pioneers

The film is set in the 1960s, during the Cold War and the Space Race between USSR and the United States. The Soviets plan to send a man into space. During the construction of the craft, a technician is killed and the engineers question the safety of the craft. A test vehicle, representing the Voskhod 2 spacecraft is destroyed two weeks before the official launch and Soviet engineers cannot identify the causes of the explosion and sudden loss of communication. Ex-WW2 pilot, Pavel Belyayev, and military test pilot Alexey Leonov are called to man the Voskhod 2 craft but during a skydive, Pavel injuries his leg landing and is not considered fit; instead, he is replaced by a new, young and immature cosmonaut (Yevgeny Khrunov), much to the dismay of Alex. Fuelled by anger and determination, Pavel trains himself to become stronger and eventually is re-admitted into the space program, much to the delight of Alexey.
The Voskhod 2 launches into space and Alexey is ordered to commence his spacewalk. The spacewalk is successful and the Soviets celebrate but Alexey's suit begins to inflate, rendering him inflexible and unable to enter the airlock. The ship loses communication with ground control when it enters a dead zone. Alexey defies instructions and enters the airlock head first but the outer hatch fails to fully close. He forces himself to turn within the airlock and manages to close the airlock right before his oxygen supply runs out and he passes out. Pavel drags him into the pod and succeeds in reviving him. The two are then instructed to orbit for 22 hours until Cycle 4, an automatic system that will land them. Pavel detaches the airlock, but it causes the Voskhod 2 to spin slightly. Before Cycle 4, Pavel and Alexey begin to feel queasy and find that the oxygen partial pressure is uncommonly high. Ground control states that the system mistakenly detected a leak and began pumping pure oxygen into the cabin. They are told to find and disconnect a yellow wire to disable the system.
Pavel passes out from oxygen toxicity, and Alexey takes control, reaching for the wire. The oxygen causes Alexey to hallucinate about his times as a young boy, running in a field, searching for the nest of a bird. He manages to twist the yellow wire but passes out before it is disconnected. During his hallucination, he remembers of reaching out to the bird who injured him, this moment in his hallucination causes him to flinch and disconnect the yellow wire. The system stops pumping oxygen into the cabin.
Both cosmonauts awake to find that Cycle 4 has failed to run and Soviet engineers and mathematicians on the ground fail to respond with an explanation, concluding that the spin of the craft may have caused the problem. The cosmonauts are permitted to use manual mode to re-direct the ship. After Pavel successfully stabilizes the craft, it re-enters the atmosphere and is detached from the instrument section. The craft lands by parachute into the Ural mountain range, far from the expected landing site. A search party is sent after the cosmonauts, but their radio signals are not picked up. A radio fan on Sakhalin accidentally picks up their radio signals and phones the Space Agency, notifying them of the cosmonauts' position. A nearby rescue helicopter is ordered to search for them but is unable to see them due to severe weather conditions. The helicopter is called back to base, but with the cosmonauts close to death, the crew spot Alexey's flare and come down to rescue them.
The two cosmonauts arrive by plane to the Agency to meet with their wives and children. Later they are paraded through Moscow where countless civilians cheer them.