Asura

Dharma Teja(nara rohit) is a jailor in Rajamundry central jail. Who is very strict and sincere in outside but very sensitive and kind hearted in inside. In department all people will call him a demon because of his anger and strictness. His aim is to become a poet he is working on that in his free time. Dharma' s thinking is completely different from the other police he has a different thoughts on reformation of prisoners and he doesn't mind breaking law to good to others. So he became a question mark to his higher officials.Then one day Chandrashekar aka Charlie (Ravi varma) a former diamond merchant was sentenced to death on the charges of killing his step mother siblings for the sake of property. His mercy petition was canciled by the President and he was sentenced to death in the Rajamundry Central Jail. In the jail Charlie meets a theif called Pandu. Pandu is vengeful against Charlie because once he tried to steal diamonds from Charlie and he caughted to him Charlie broked his right leg and made him an handicappe then he sent him to central jail. After hereing the news through his girlfriend Saira, Charlie decides to escape from the prison. Then he makes a deal with Pandu to give half of the diamonds which once he had tried to steal 2 diamonds from him for escaping of him from the prison which worthy of 50 crores. Then Pandu forgets his enemity with Charlie and accepts his offer. Then Charlie arranges bail to Pandu. He meets gangsters Muthyammanna (Madhusudanrao) and his brother Daya (satyadev) tells his offer to help then they makes a plan to escape Charlie from prison. Meanwhile Charlie was survived temporarily from hanging through a drug and fell a sleep. In the investigation Dharma knows that his girlfriend Saira supplied the drug through a sweet box in the visiting hours. Then he arrests and threatened her to tell Charlie's further plans Saira tells everything she knows to Dharma. Then they tried to implement again the death punishment to Charlie. Meanwhile Daya and his gang kidnaps magistrate's son who is approving the death of Charlie. He also kidnaps the mother of hangman who executes Charlie and he kidnaps dharma's girlfriend Harika (Priya benerjee). They call unknown to each other and black mails them to help in the escape of Charlie. Dharma takes it as a challenge to save his girlfriend and to execute charlie. Meanwhile in the execution room the hang man saves Charlie creating a technical problem in the executing mission then the higher officials takes a severe action against dharma. Then in the investigation he came to know the meeting of Charlie and Pandu. In the searching of Pandu he successfully went to his hide out through his sources in a rough chase Pandu was killed by Daya on the instruction of Muthyammanna. Then he was transvered to the commissioner office on the charges of negligence of duty. Then commissioner takes it as a challenge and he transfers Charlie to the special jail for hanging under his control. Takes it as an advatage Muthyammanna and Daya attacks on the police in route and successfully escapes charlie who is covered with a black cloth. Suddenly Dharma enters and attacks them while in a shoot out Charlie injures Daya on his neck through a pen and escapes solely then dharma kills Daya. After that police alerts public on Charlie escape and announce ransom on him. Dharma successfully protects harika,The hangman's mother and magistrate's son. Then the human rights commission gives a severe charges on dharma and suspended him on a temporary period while the Human rights investigation continues. After few days Dharma went to a secret hide out to meet wounded Muthyammanna and says that actually the Charlie was dead earlier after kidnapping of Harika then he came to know through the hangman and magistrate their family members were also kidnapped then he makes a plan to save them from the evil clutches so he created that Charlie was alive because of technical issue in the mission and he arranges a former criminal who became one of his trusted men to act as Charlie. His plan was successful when the people were attacked on the police. After hereing this Muthyammanna asks about diamonds then dharma tells his previous conversation with Charlie. After knowing the plans of Charlie through Saira he meets Charlie in the meeting Charlie confess to Dharma that anyone cannot stop him to escape he makes a deal with Pandu for giving diamonds then dharma asks "if you may cheated by them Then what will you Do?" Charlie replies that he cannot be cheated by anyone that the diamonds was in a safe locker which can be opened through his finger print which was located in a secret place. After death of Charlie the hang man under the instructions of dharma cuts Charlie's hand. Dharma finds out the place through Saira and he possess all Charlie's diamonds. And he sent the diamonds secretly to Charlie's step mother and reveals the entire story and keep it as a secret and the diamonds will use for a good purpose which an NGO is going to launch by her. After hereing this Muthyammanna dies with shock. After that with the help of Harika he finishes his poetry work successfully at the same time he got a call from his higher officials to rejoining in the service as a jailor. Finally the film ends with Harika asks what will you name this book? Then Dharma names "Asura" (Demon) because of his nature department calls him like that so he named with an inspiration of that nature.