Kabhi Ajnabi The

Sandeep is a famous cricketer who is in love with Asha the beautiful daughter of a famous industrialist. Asha's father is not much up on his feet to have a cricketer as his son-in-law, rather he wants Asha to get married to Shakti. But he eventually agrees when he learns that Asha will not marry anyone but Sandeep. Sandeep meets Asha's father who says that he wants to talk to Sandeep's father to fix their date of wedding. On hearing this, Sandeep remains silent and Asha's father concludes that his father is no more in this world. He tells that he would like to talk to Sandeep's mother. Shakti learns that Asha's father is planning an appointment with Sandeep's mother as he wants to fix his daughter's wedding to Sandeep. Shakti informs Sandeep's father all about this. Sandeep along with his mother comes to visit Asha's father and they have a hearty conversation. Suddenly Sandeep's father arrives there. It is revealed that his father is a fool and Sandeep's mother is married to someone else to get rid of her bibulous, contemptible husband. Asha's father declares that he will not approve his daughter to get married in an obnoxious pedigree like Sandeep's. Later on Asha tells Sandeep that he should have informed her all about his family so that she could have taken precautions to keep things right. Shakti meets Asha and learns that his plan is not a success yet. She still wants to marry Sandeep. He hires a powerful swashbuckler who along with his gang attacks Sandeep one night and fractured one of his legs severely. As a result his career comes to halt.
Asha gets involved in a heated conversation with her father when she reveals that she is still willing to marry Sandeep and will not marry anyone but him. When her father says that he will not accept Sandeep as his son-in-law, she declares that she is going to leave him and the house behind to settle with Sandeep. Her father feels a terrible shock on hearing this and he has a heart attack. Asha calls her house physician immediately and her father is saved. Asha dares not voice against her father any more. Sandeep comes to Asha's house where he meets Asha's father who tells him that Asha has changed her mind and soon she will get married to Shakti. Sandeep becomes frustrated. He leaves his city and moves to a far away place where he meets another beautiful woman named Geeta who is an aspiring singer. Sandeep saves her from a ruffian named Kundan and she falls in love with him. He tells her everything about his past life. She becomes empathetic towards him and starts to take care of him. Soon he too falls in love with Geeta. Finally Sandeep regains strength of his leg and Geeta keeps motivating him to resume his left over career. Sandeep finally assents to Geeta and goes to Mumbai to recommence his career.
Asha comes to look for Sandeep and meets Geeta. Geeta learns that Asha never married and still loves Sandeep like she used to earlier. Geeta listens to Asha but never reveals that Sandeep is her fiancée now. She understands that Sandeep has misapprehended Asha by listening to the words from some other person but Asha and whenever his misapprehension will be over, he will go back to his former beloved. She decides to sacrifice for the sake of Asha's love for Sandeep. Asha wants to know whether Geeta has ever been love with someone. Geeta confirms that she has been but does not reveal the name of her beloved. Geeta and Asha go to the station to receive Sandeep. Asha requests Geeta to walk forward and inform him that she is here to meet him. Sandeep comes forward and ardently embraces Geeta into his arms without observing Asha who is watching it from the far. Geeta brings Asha to Sandeep's notice and tells him about the misunderstanding. Sandeep cannot decide which side to choose now. Asha perceives that Sandeep has fallen for Geeta. She boards the train leaving Sandeep and Geeta in the station.