Narasimha Naidu

There are two neighboring villages in Rayalaseema. Goons head one village and Raghupati Naidu (K Vishwanath) is heading another village. As Raghupati Naidu is peace-loving, his village is dogged by the misdeeds of goons from the neighboring village. In order to save the future of his village, Raghupati Naidu asks one male kid from each family to be given for the purpose of saving the village. Raghupati Naidu selected his fourth son Narasimha Naidu as his family's contribution towards the security of the village. All these kids will be trained and prepared to protect the village. After 15 years, Anjali (Preeti Jhangiani), the niece of Jaya Prakash, who happens to be from the goons' village who later settled in another village. Narasimha Naidu sets up a naatya ashram to teach classical dance to the students. Anjali falls in love with Narasimha Naidu at the first sight. Anjali joins Narasimha Naidu as the student and tries to make Narasimha Naidu fall in love with her.
Later on, she comes to know that Narasimha Naidu is already married and he has a kid too who is growing in the ashram. Narasimha Naidu is a widower as his wife Sravani (Simran) is no more. Anjali tries to get closer to the kid so that she can then marry Narasimha Naidu. The parents of Anjali fix up the marriage of Anjali with one of their relatives. When the uncle of Anjali comes to know that she is in love with a widowed dance master; he attacks him and threatens him that he would kill the kid. When they find Anjali missing, the entire battalion of goons invades the ashram of dance master only to find that he flew away.
Narasimha Naidu, after coming to know that goons were coming to attack him, vacates the ashram and boards the train. At the same time, Anjali too boards the train, though Narasimha Naidu rejects it. Then a fleet of 16 white Sumos containing goons chases the train using a parallel road. And they overtake train and stop it forcibly at a station. Then we have around 100-armed goons surrounding the train and vying for the blood of Narasimha Naidu. After a couple of minutes, Narasimha Naidu gets down the train showing his back to them. And then turns around. The moment, the goons realize that the dance master is none but Narasimha Naidu; they leave all their arms and run away to save their dear lives. Then Narasimha Naidu explains Anjali his past.
Raghupati Naidu realizes that no parents in the village are willing to marry off their daughter to Narasimha Naidu since he is meant for sacrificing for the safety of the village. At that point of time, Raghupati Naidu selects a beautiful girl called Sravanti for his son. But Sravanti is too sensitive and hates anything to do with violence. Hence, Raghupati Naidu asks Narasimha Naidu to act as a soft guy who has the liking for classical dance. After marriage, Sravanti realizes the fact and decides to live with it. Narasimha Naidu's three elder brothers arrive along with their families. Narasimha Naidu has a lot of love and adulation for his brothers whereas they treat him very bad which Narasimha Naidu takes in a good sense. After a few days, Sravani blasts at those guys who are making the mockery of Narasimha Naidu. Then they complain about Sravanti to Narasimha Naidu. Being upset about this, Narasimha Naidu sends Sravanti to her parent's place. At her parent's place, Sravani gives birth to a kid.
The brothers of Narasimha Naidu are still upset with the insult that is made to them by Sravani and decides to leave back to the states. They arrange for the police security and refuses Narasimha Naidu to accompany them. During this period, the goons plan to kill the brothers of Narasimha Naidu one end and son and wife of Narasimha Naidu on the other end. Then, Narasimha Naidu arrives to the Railway station and saves his brother's family. But, his wife manages to save her son, In the process she is killed. In the present,Finally Narasimha Naidu beats al the goons and marries Anjali.