Uyyala Jampala

The whole film is narrated by the protagonist of the film Soori (Raj Tarun) who is running back to confess his love to his cousin Umadevi (Avika Gor). Soori and Umadevi quarrel since their childhood which starts from the time of the latter's birth itself. Umadevi is the daughter of Rangaraju (Ravi Varma), the younger brother of Soori's mother. Rangaraju, his family and his parents live in a mansion while Soori and his widowed mother (Anita Chowdary) live in a small house exactly beside the mansion in a modernized yet naturally scenic village called Konavaram. Soori deals in the business of cock-shit which is required for those who maintain fish ponds nearby the village. He has two friends Kodanda (Alluri Hanuma), a person nearly equal to a Google search engine when it comes to the day-to-day advances in Technology and day-to-day affairs in the Village and Vasu (Peela Gangadhar), a gullible person who always has a "Be positive" attitude in all the cases. Added to this, a local belle Sunitha (Punarnavi Bhupalam) is infatuated to Soori and she happens to be Umadevi's close friend. In order to tease Umadevi, Soori flirts Sunitha everyday and gets on Umadevi's nerves. Meanwhile Umadevi too falls in love with a techie Parthu (Shashank Srivatsavaya). When Soori observes her neglecting him and Sunitha and roaming around, he gets a suspicion and along with Vasu, he follows Umadevi one day and finds her in the company of Parthu. When Vasu and Soori follow him on their bike, they come to know that Parthu is a mechanic who works in the nearby town's Hero Motorcorp outlet. Soori calls Parthu and tells him that he wants to purchase the bike Parthu uses. After a test drive, Parthu is damaged severely as Soori trashes him. Later a wounded Parthu asks Umadevi to elope with him as Parthu's father is trying to arrange a marriage for him. When Umadevi expresses her fear, Parthu threatens her that he would die by swallowing sleeping tablets if she doesn't elope with him and she agrees. After packing her dresses, gifts presented by Parthu and her ornaments, Umadevi escapes from her house that night and boards a bus along with Parthu. Rangaraju creates havoc in his house and Soori finds out with the help of Sunitha that Umadevi is in Tuni, major town in East Godavari District. Immediately, Parthu and Umadevi get down from the bus and then Parthu's friends try to kidnap her while Parthu tries to snatch her ornaments. Soori comes there along with Kodanda and Vasu. He beats up Parthu and rescues Umadevi.Then Umadevi comes to know that all the while parthu was trapping her when Soori admits with a grin that the love letter written by Parthu for Uma is of hen's blood but not his own.Then Uma in a rage beats him in black n blue.
Later umadevi stays up at soori 's house since her father is angry at her.During that period she learns from her aunt(suri's mother)about true love and realises that what suri does to her is true love because he pays for pani puri for uma ,he buys her a new phone,he stops her marriage with one of his friends as she requested him to do so and he took up all the blames.Later umadevi tells sunitha that suri loves her and not sunith a.As suri stopped uma 's marriage,her father got infuriated and asked him not to step into his house.Suri challenges him that he will find a perfect match for uma and he also did it.Uma's father was very much happy that suri arranged Uma's marriage with a businessman who is also uma and suri's childhood classmate who had much crush on uma.Uma and suri's mother are not interested in this marriage.Suri's mother shouts at him and said that he will miss uma only after her marriage which makes suri realise his feelings for umadevi.Further umadevi's actions make suri believe that she is also in love with him but he stays quiet.On the day before marriage uma thanks suri for all the beautiful memories he gave and for all the helps he did.She tearfully asks him not to come for the marriage and he does the same.Seeing this uma devi adds sleeping pills in the milk tearfully.Later suri decides to confess his feelings to uma as shown in the beginning of the movie.He sees uma running towards him who says that marriage has been stopped.He asks why and she says that she mixed pills in the milk and gave it to the groom hearing this suri laughs.She asks him why he was running towards house to which he says that he can't live without her.They both reconcile and romance.Later they got married with the consent of their parents and lived a happy life.