East Is East

George Khan is a Pakistani Muslim who has lived in Britain since 1937. He has a wife in Pakistan. He and his second wife Ella, a British Roman Catholic woman of Irish descent, have been married for twenty-five years and have seven children together; Nazir, Abdul, Tariq, Maneer, Saleem, Meenah and Sajid. George and Ella run a popular fish and chip shop in the neighborhood.
While George is obsessed with the 1971 war between East and West Pakistan and arranging marriages for his children, the children themselves, who were born and brought up in Britain, increasingly see themselves as British and reject Pakistani customs of dress, food, religion and living. After George disowns Nazir for running out on his arranged marriage, he immediately begins making plans to have another one planned to maintain his image.
While on a trip to Bradford, George is introduced to Mr Shah, a fellow Pakistani Muslim who wishes to marry off his two unattractive daughters. George arranges in secret for Abdul and Tariq to marry them, despite Ella's misgivings, a conversation that Sajid overhears. During a sibling quarrel, Sajid reveals the arranged marriage; Tariq, the most rebellious of the sons and who is in a relationship with a local girl, flies into a rage and defiles the wedding garments George had bought. The most obedient son, Maneer, is caught by George trying to tidy the mess up and beaten when he refuses to tell George who was responsible; Ella intervenes and is also beaten. Tariq travels to Eccles and tracks down Nazir, who is in a homosexual relationship and returns to confront George for his actions, but becomes frightened upon seeing Ella and Maneer's bruises and flees. Dejected, Tariq reluctantly agrees to go along with the marriage.
Mr and Mrs Shah arrive with their daughters to meet George's family. Ella maintains her composure despite Mrs Shah's condescending and rude attitude, but things come to a head when a scuffle ensues and Saleem accidentally drops a sculpture of a vagina on Mrs Shah's lap. Mrs Shah insults George's entire family and is subsequently ejected from the house by Ella along with Mr Shah and the daughters. Enraged, George attacks Ella but is stopped by Abdul and the children long enough for him to see how his actions have turned his entire family against him, and leaves the household in shame to seek solace in his shop.
In the aftermath, George and Ella make amends over tea while the kids play in the street.