Ouran High School Host Club

Following the events of the TV series, Haruhi Fujioka, a brilliant student from a middle-class family, continues to attend the prestigious Ouran High School and work in its Host Club, composed of six handsome boys: the hyperactive Tamaki Suou, sneaky Kyoya Ootori, playful twins Hikaru and Kaoru Hitachiin, cutesy Mitsukuni "Honey" Haninozuka, and quiet Takashi "Mori" Morinozuka, who service its female customers through flirting, which she agrees to do to pay for accidentally breaking the club's priceless Ming vase. Having spent her first year in the club, Haruhi becomes accustomed to the boys and is especially flustered when she comes face to face with Tamaki; she later learns from a romance magazine given to her by the creepy occultist Umehito Nekozawa that she has in fact fallen in love with him. This does not bode well with Hikaru, who has feelings for Haruhi.
In the meantime, the Host Club is about to attend the annual Ouran Festival, whose winning reward is the right to use the luxurious Central Salon. The club has to compete against, among others, the Black Magic Club (led by Nekozawa) and the American Football Club, led by Kyoya's rival, Takeshi Kuze. At the same time, the school also welcomes Princess Michelle Monaru of Singapore as an honorary student. The spoiled Michelle wants everyone to cherish her and later appears to make moves toward Tamaki, which makes Haruhi jealous.
However, it is revealed that Michelle only approaches Tamaki so her disgraced family can get into a deal with the Suou, which she does to appease her brother, Lawrence, whom she is estranged with due to the duties he inherited after their parents' deaths. Her attempt to retrieve her precious book, which fell into the rain before, turns awry when Tamaki injures himself while trying to protect Haruhi. Upon learning about this as well as her lie, the Suou head, Shizue, refuses to cooperate with the Monaru.
Realizing that Michelle's problem is her loneliness, Haruhi decides to participate in the Host Club's attempt to make her smile again by winning the Festival. They invite Lawrence to Japan, then present him to her as her family treasure, the Festival's end goal. Michelle's book, which Haruhi retrieved earlier, turns out to be a cookbook containing of all the Monaru family's favorite recipes; Michelle has waited for her brother to come home and finally have a proper dinner with her again. The siblings then reconcile and the Host Club is declared the winner of the Festival and gets the Central Salon. There, Hikaru expresses his sentiment that, though he loves Haruhi, he is content to see her happy with Tamaki. Later, when the Host Club takes a walk by a river, Haruhi unsuccessfully tries to express her feelings, but in the process, trips and accidentally kisses Tamaki, much to their embarrassment.
Through the closing credits, a scene is displayed in which Haruhi finally manages to enjoy otoro meat, after being denied since long ago.