Woh Kaun Thi?

On a rainy night, the highly reputed Dr. Anand is driving. He sees a woman standing in the road and gives her a lift. She introduces herself as Sandhya. As soon as she steps in the car, the wipers eerily stop working. He's even more spooked when the lady shows him the way when it isn't visible and guides him outside a cemetery. On reaching the cemetery, the gates open automatically and he hears someone sing the words "Naina Barse Rimjhim Rimjhim".
Dr. Anand is about to inherit a large fortune from a distant relative under the condition that he is perfectly mentally stable—otherwise he would not inherit the property as there had already been cases of mental instability in his family in the past. His colleague, Dr. Lata loves Dr. Anand, but he already has a girlfriend, Seema. Mystery unfolds when Seema is killed by a cyanide injection and the suspects are Dr. Lata and her father, Dr. Singh, the head doctor of the hospital in which Anand and Lata work.
On a stormy night, Anand is called to a dilapidated mansion on an emergency case. There, he comes to know that the patient has already died. He is surprised to see that the patient is Sandhya. Some policemen tell him that the place has been deserted for a while and that it is rumored to be haunted. The policemen inform him that what he saw in the mansion happened years ago and many a doctor has registered similar cases with the police on rainy nights. On another occasion, he sees a newspaper which says that Sandhya died in a rail accident.
Anand is very unhappy after his girlfriend's demise, but his marriage is fixed to a girl Anand's mother has never even seen, but was recommended by her sister. On the wedding night, Anand is shocked to see that it's Sandhya. He starts avoiding her. One day, he sees that she has painted the same bungalow in which he was called on that rainy night. Just after that, he hears her singing a part of "Naina Barse Rimjhim Rimjhim". Another evening, he sees an unmanned boat sailing in the lake and hears another part of "Naina Barse Rimjhim Rimjhim". Yet another night, Sandhya reaches Anand's hospital and tries to impress him with her beauty and singing. He gets impressed and they sit in the car, where he gets déjà vu as again the wipers stop working and she can clearly see the way in the stormy and foggy night. He takes her to the bungalow and to the room where he had seen her dead and she disappears. When he reaches home, she is waiting for him and his mother says that she never left the house.
Anand is finally successful in persuading his mother to let Sandhya go back to her home by train. The next day, he comes to know that the train got into an accident, but he saw her on the terrace that same night. All these things take a toll on his mental health and he is advised to take some rest in Shimla. There, he meets a monk on a hilltop who tells him that 100 years ago at this very spot, a boy and a girl were romancing when the girl fell and died. Since then, her spirit has been roaming, waiting for her lover to return, who has been reincarnated in Anand's form. Anand then sees Sandhya far down the hillside and she sings the last part of "Naina Barse Rimjhim Rimjhim". Persuaded, Anand jumps, but is saved by Lata.
Later, when Anand sees Sandhya trying to lure him out, he follows her to the same old bungalow, where he sees Sandhya on the stairway in one moment and then impossibly beside him in another. She lures him to the roof, where suddenly he sees a duplicate of Sandhya. The duplicate shouts that she is the real Sandhya but she is gagged and taken away. Strengthened by this sudden revelation, Anand realizes this woman is not a ghost and confronts her, but she accidentally falls down and dies. Then comes Ramesh, Anand's cousin. The climax of the movie comes here as Ramesh reveals that this was his plan so that Anand is termed as mentally unstable and that his entire inheritance would pass to the next cousin i.e., Ramesh. A duel follows and the police arrive. The other woman was Sandhya's twin, of whom Sandhya didn't know, but Ramesh came to know by chance. Sandhya's parents had separated them years ago when her father took away the other girl. He died, and she was forced to adopt unfair means for her living. The "Sandhya" who had lured him in the hospital was this other girl. This explains Sandhya's presence at 2 places at the same time. Hence, the mystery is solved and at the end of the film Sandhya and Anand hug.