Kaanchi Thalaivan

The story is about the rivalry between Pallavas and Chalukyas, MGR as the Narasimha Pallava King also known as Mamallan rules Kanchipuram with peace, Pulikesi (S. A. Ashokan) whose desire is to capture Kanchipuram, with a cunning plan send Poovikraman (M. R. Radha) and Chola Kumari (Bhanumathi) to Kanchi. According to plan Poovikraman works as a sculptor in Kanchi and Chola Kumari as unofficial. Paranjothi (S. S. Rajendran) arrests Chola Kumari and takes her to the court of Mamallan, there King gives due respect and frees her. Meantime Mamallan's friend Manavaraman (King of Ceylon) loses his crown, with his family comes to Kanchi to get the help from his friend, unfortunately the ship wrecks and his family is separated. Poovikraman had the opportunity to save the baby of Manavaraman and later his wife.
Poovikaraman asks Chola Kumari to invite Mamallan, during the feast she provokes the anger of Mamallan and makes him leave the party without taking the food. Later he comes to know about her real self through one of his spies.
Poovikaraman sends another girl in place of Manavarman wife (G. Sakunthala) to Paranjothi, on the way she tries to seduce Paranjothi and gives an impression that Manavarman wife is adulterous. Paranjothi mention this to Mamallan in front of his friend Manavarman, Paranjothi gets slapped by his King, Paranjothi loyalty stays same after this incident. Manavarman tries to kill his wife but Mamallan plays a drama and finds outh that the girl Paranjothi took with hims is not the wife of Manavarman. Their friendship is renewed.
Though Chola Kumari is against the wish of Pulikesi, her love to Mamallan creates a problem in the kingdom and Pallava's allies turn against him. The time was now ripe for Pulikesi to attack and hold Kanchi forever. Paranjothi too resigns from his post due to the love between King and Chola Kumari. The King appoints Manavarman as his commander, due to this his baby was slaughtere by Pulikesi. Initially Kanchi loses some of its forts to Pulikesi.
Mamallan's sister (C. R. Vijayakumari) who is attached to Paranjothi asks his help, he turns down. She goes to temple to pray where Poovikraman plans to kill Mamallan, before the explosives goes off, Mamallan comes out of the temple but his sister dies. Chola Kumari speaks with Pallava's allies and consents to their wish that she will not marry the Kanchi King. Now Paranjothi volunteers for the war and takes up the commanding position with Mamallan, Manavarman in one side and the allies of Kanchi in another side destroys the force of Pulikesi and he was later killed in the battle.
Finally Kanchi's allies changes their wish and ask Chola Kumari to marry Kanchi Thalaivan.[4]