Twister

One stormy night in June 1969, a monstrous F5 Tornado forms in rural central Oklahoma. Meanwhile, a local farmer is watching weather reports on television out of Oklahoma City issuing several tornado warnings, after which his wife quickly wakes up their 5-year-old daughter Jo and together they make for their storm cellar. As Jo is being carried downstairs and out the door, after which she starts calling frantically for her dog, Toby. The dog gives chase as Jo's parents leave the house and head across the barnyard to the storm cellar as the storm rages around them. Jo's father ushers her and her mother into the cellar, cracking it open just enough to let Toby follow before locking it. Just moments later, the tornado roars above them. Jo's father fights to hold the door closed, but as Jo and her mother watch in horror, the tornado tears the door away, pulling her father to his death.
27 years later, Jo (Helen Hunt) has studied meteorology and leads a team of storm chasers. As a new storm season begins, Jo is reunited with her estranged husband, Bill "The Extreme" Harding (Bill Paxton) regarding their impending divorce. Bill meets up with Jo and the team out in the field as they await for impending storms to flare up, accompanied by his fiancée, Dr. Melissa Reeves (Jami Gertz). Bill is welcomed by his former teammates, Rabbit (Alan Ruck), Sanders (Sean Whalen), Joey (Joey Slotnick), Lawrence (Jeremy Davies), Preacher (Scott Thomson), Haynes (Wendle Josepher), Beltzer (Todd Field) and Dusty (Philip Seymour Hoffman). Leaving Melissa with Dusty, Bill tracks down Jo working on their radar system. He asks for the final copy of their divorce papers, which Jo has not signed yet. When he asks her to sign them, she hesitates when she learns Melissa has accompanied him into the field, and goes to greet her. After meeting Melissa, Jo tells Bill she'd hoped he would follow them into the field, as she has a surprise for him. In his absence, she and the team had built four instrument packs for studying tornadoes, which he had designed, titled 'DOROTHY I', 'DOROTHY II', 'DOROTHY III' AND 'DOROTHY IV'. Peaking Melissa's interest, Bill and the others explain to her how it is meant to work and help them develop an advanced tornado warning system.
Bill and Jo head into the path of an F1 tornado. Abandoning their vehicle, they take shelter under a small, wooden bridge as the twister passes over them, destroying Jo's truck and DOROTHY I. By the time the F1 dissipates, Melissa brings Bill's truck just as Jo's truck lands upside-down in front of her as she follows the team, causing her to panic and nearly crash. Bill loads the remaining units onto his truck, they continue onward, now following an F2 tornado. However, the winds also breed two waterspouts, in between which they are caught. Melissa becomes hysterical as the waterspout splits into three and all pass over their truck, spinning them around repeatedly, though otherwise unharmed.
With the weather calmed down, the team travels to Wakita, to visit Jo's Aunt Meg (Lois Smith), who happily greets them all and cooks for them.
Jo learns of an F3 tornado nearby; they drop Melissa off with Jo's research team while she and Bill chase down the storm. The storm damages the DOROTHY II unit, spilling its sensor units. Against Bill's pleas, Jo tries to leave the truck to collect them. Bill forces her to abandon the unit and get back into the truck, driving them safely away. Out of danger, Bill confronts Jo about her obsession with tornadoes, and how it stems from her father's death; Melissa hears this over the open radio. During their discussion, Bill comes to a conclusion that the DOROTHY units are too light to remain stationary to properly disperse the sensors in time; they need a heavy pack to weigh the units down.
That night, the team plans on staying at a motor inn next to a drive-in theater. Still stinging from Bill's lashing out earlier, Jo signs the divorce papers. Just then, an F4 tornado plows through the drive-in, forcing the team and the movie-goers to take shelter in a garage. The tornado misses the garage, but throws a great deal of debris, including Rabbit's truck and Preacher's station wagon, through the roof of the garage. The storm passes, and as emergency services arrive, Melissa tells Bill that she recognizes he still has feelings for Jo, and amicably ends her engagement, leaving on her own. The team learns, much to Jo's horror, that the tornado has struck Wakita, so they quickly rush to check on Meg. There, they find that the town had no warning and has been devastated as a result. Most buildings have been destroyed, and they find Aunt Meg's house still standing, but wrenched from its foundation and on the verge of collapsing. Bill and Jo rescue Meg and her dog Mose from the wrecked house, glad to see she's only suffered minor injuries. As they wait for medical services to take Meg to the hospital, Jo talks with Meg about what had happened. Meg recollects how suddenly the tornado had come, and that the sirens had gone off only seconds before it hit, and how she hadn't even made it downstairs, reminding Jo of the importance to what she seeks to accomplish with the instrument packs. Meanwhile, Dusty receives word from issued weather reports from the NSSL predicting an F5 forming off to the south.
Jo notices in Meg's front yard the kinetic sculptures barely damaged and turning in the wind. Jo realizes that they can modify the sensors in DOROTHY with wind flaps to give them buoyancy and easily enter a tornado.
News of a powerful F5 tornado is reported in the nearby area. As they race there, Jo and her team use aluminum from soda cans to add blades to each sensor and reload the DOROTHY units. The two units are mounted on Bill's truck, and he and Jo drive into the storm. They attempt to deploy DOROTHY III, but the peripheral winds from the tornado pushes the unit around, and it's eventually destroyed by debris. They hear that Jonas and his team are also trying to deploy DOT-3, and Bill tries to warn Jonas off, believing the storm will shift course toward them. Jonas ignores his advice, and sure enough, after the tornado makes a sudden shift, Jonas and his driver are killed and DOT-3 is destroyed.
With only the DOROTHY IV unit remaining, Bill and Jo decide to try one last time. Keeping the unit strapped into the bed of the truck, they hope the vehicle will provide the weight needed to keep DOROTHY IV in place long enough to deploy into the funnel successfully. Bill drives the truck through a cornfield toward the F5 tornado, as Jo activates the sensors in DOROTHY. At the last possible moment, the two leap from the truck, letting the truck and the unit go into the storm; her team reports success as the sensors gather data across the entire height of the funnel. However, they find the storm has changed course again, and is now bearing directly onto them. Knowing that a nearby barn and farmhouse would not be enough shelter, Bill and Jo use leather straps to anchor themselves to the pipes of a pumping house which are anchored deep underground. The tornado demolishes the pumping house, but the two remain secure to the pipes, and are able to witness the beauty of the eye of the storm as it passes over them. As the storm dissipates, they see the farm house and family survived virtually untouched. They reunite with Jo's team and celebrate their success, and Bill and Jo decide to form a new lab to analyze the new data, giving their marriage a second chance in the process.