Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time

Dastan, a street urchin in Persia, is adopted by King Sharaman after showing courage. Fifteen years later, Sharaman's brother Nizam receives proof that the holy city of Alamut is supplying weapons to Persian enemies, and the princes — Dastan, along with the king's biological sons Tus and Garsiv — are sent to capture Alamut. Dastan and his friends breach the city and open a gate letting the Persians in. During the attack, Dastan fights a royal guard and takes from him a special dagger.
Alamut falls to the Persians, but Princess Tamina denies that the town has any weapon forges. Tus asks her to marry him to unite the two nations, and she only accepts after seeing the dagger in Dastan's possession. During the celebration, Dastan is fooled into presenting a poisoned gown seemingly given to him by Tus to King Sharaman, which fatally burns the king. Garsiv accuses Dastan of being the murderer, and the prince is forced to escape, carrying Tamina along. Tus is appointed king and sets a bounty on Dastan's head.
While in hiding, Tamina attempts to kill Dastan, and in the struggle the prince discovers the dagger enables its wielder to travel back in time. Dastan concludes that Tus invaded Alamut for the dagger, and decides to confront his brother at the funeral of the king in Avrat. On the way, the two are captured by merchant-bandits led by Sheik Amar who seek the reward money, but they manage to escape. After arriving in Avrat, Dastan tries to convince his uncle Nizam that he was not the cause of his father's death. Instead, he notices the burns on Nizam's hands, which indicate that he arranged the murder of the King. Furthermore, Nizam has set up an ambush for Dastan along the Persian streets, but after a conflict with Garsiv, Dastan escapes. Nizam sends a group of covert warriors, the Hashanshin, to kill Dastan and find the dagger.
During a sandstorm, Tamina tells Dastan the origins of the Sands of Time that enable the dagger's time travel, while admitting the weapon only holds enough sand to reverse time by one minute. Dastan realizes that Nizam plans to place the dagger in the sandglass holding the Sands of Time, causing Nizam to go back in time and prevent himself from saving Sharaman from a lion as children, so that Nizam will grow to be king of Persia instead. Tamina says that in doing so, the sandglass would be broken and destroy the world. Sheik Amar captures the two again, but Dastan saves Amar's men from an Hashanshin attack using the dagger. The Sheik is convinced to carry them to a sanctuary near Hindu Kush, where the dagger can be sealed by returning it to the stone it once came from. At the sanctuary, they are found by Garsiv, whom Dastan convinces of his innocence, but are then ambushed by the Hashanshins. Garsiv sacrifices himself to save Dastan, while Tamina is knocked unconscious by a Hashanshin and the dagger is stolen.
Dastan's group travels back to Alamut to retrieve the dagger from Nizam and tell Tus the truth. Amar's right-hand man Seso dies retrieving the dagger for Dastan, and the prince demonstrates the weapon's powers to Tus to convince him. Afterwards Nizam walks in, kills Tus, and takes the dagger back. Tamina saves Dastan from being killed and the two head for the secret underground tunnels that lead to the sandglass. When they reach Nizam, he stabs the sandglass and throws them both off a cliff. Tamina sacrifices herself, letting go of Dastan and falling to her death, allowing him to fight Nizam.
When Dastan removes the dagger from the sandglass, time rewinds to the moment he found the dagger. Dastan finds Tus and Garsiv and exposes Nizam's betrayal. Nizam attempts to kill Dastan, but is subdued and killed by Tus. Tus apologizes to Tamina and proposes to strengthen the two nations' bond by marrying her to Dastan. Dastan returns the dagger to Tamina as an engagement gift and tells her he looks forward to their future together.