We Are Family

Maya (Kajol) is a perfect mother whose life revolves around her three children, Aleya (Aanchal Munjal), Ankush (Nominath Ginsburg), and Anjali (Diya Sonecha). Despite being divorced from Aman (Arjun Rampal), Maya has ensured that everything runs smoothly in her house and that they continue to remain a happy family unit. However, things take an unexpected turn when Shreya Arora (Kareena Kapoor)—a career-oriented fashion designer with a lot to learn about children—joins the family.
When Aman introduces his girlfriend Shreya at Anjali's birthday party, she accidentally drops Anjali's birthday cake, which leads the children to perceive Shreya as evil. The next day, Aman tells Shreya to babysit the three kids at his house because Maya is out of town when in truth she is secretly having an examination in a hospital. At a fashion show, a wrong-sized dress for Shreya's model turns up with a chance of disqualification, Anjali helps Shreya with the outfit with a piece of her doll's clothing. When Shreya goes to get ice cream for the children, Aleya tells her siblings that she is using them so she can take their father away; soon after, Anjali goes missing. At the police station, Anjali is found and Aman tells Shreya that she cannot go near the children without Maya's permission.
Several days later, Maya finds out that she has cervical cancer and tells Aman, which prompts him to move back in with the family. However, when Maya tells their children that she has cancer, Aleya retaliates by going to a friend's party with an older boy. After a few days, Maya tells Shreya that she has cancer, who then agrees to move in and leave her career as a fashion designer. In the following days, the children develop an attachment towards Shreya but when Maya and Shreya have a fight, it is revealed that Shreya was an orphan since she was six months old. After the argument, Aman tells Maya that they should not be competing with each other for the children's love and respect. Maya faints and is then brought to hospital, where the doctor tells her that she has only few days left to live. Shreya decides to take care of the children while Aman tends to Maya.
When Shreya and the children go to visit Maya at the hospital, the two women have a private conversation. Shreya finally admits that the children still need her. Maya bequeaths guardianship of the children to Shreya, and she confesses a mistake of hers which almost killed Anjali when the latter was three. Maya explains to Shreya that not every mother is perfect but that she needs to keep trying. Maya tells Aman she wants to return home for Diwali as a last chance to see her house before she dies. During the festival, the children hold a special event for her, replaying the memories they had together. When they take a family photograph, Maya asks Shreya to join them as she is now family. The last scene is set ten years later during Aleya's wedding, where Shreya gives her a bracelet which had belonged to Maya. Shreya tells Aleya that she is the most beautiful bride in the world. During the seven turns around the fire , Shreya looks behind and faces the sky remembering Maya saying that she has their yesterday and Shreya has their tomorrow.