Pammal K. Sambandam

When stuntman Sambandham (Kamal Haasan) and Dr. Janaki (Simran) come across each other at his brother Anand's (Abbas) and her best friend Malathi's (Sneha) hastily planned wedding ceremony, they instantly develop a dislike for each other. They both have a very low opinion of the opposite sex, and staunchly believe marriage is not the way to go for the two newly-weds, whom they try to discourage from proceeding further.
Janaki convinces Malathi to test out her theory that men are after only one thing, by forcing Malathi to delay their consummation for three months. She is sure Anand will not be able to do so and this will prove to Malathi that Anand is just another low-class male, like all others. Sambandham, upon hearing about this new development, lures Malathi to find Anand with a "girlfriend", hoping she would change her attitude and be a more dutiful wife. The plan backfires and Malathi and Anand end up in divorce.
Later, Janaki is given a watch by her aunt to wear as a good luck charm. Sambandham gets seriously hurt during a stunt shoot and Janaki herself performs the surgery on him. After the surgery, while looking at the X-rays, she is horrified to discover that the watch on her wrist has accidentally ended up in Sambandham's stomach. Janaki tries various ways of getting the watch out. By this time, Sambandham begins to fall in love with Janaki and gets engaged to her. After the engagement, Janaki is successful in removing the watch from Sambandham's stomach. Following the surgery, Janaki calls off the engagement and Sambandham leaves with a heavy heart.
Several days later, he accepts an arranged marriage proposal from a female weightlifter in an attempt to forget about Janaki. Upon realizing her intrusive behaviour, Janaki helps Anand and Malathi reconcile and decides to confess her love for Sambandham at their wedding ceremony. On the other hand, the weightlifter is not interested to marry Sambandham and wants to elope with her boyfriend. Sambandham helps them elope .The weightlifter's father (Manivannan) and Sambandham's uncle (Santhana Bharathi) chase the trio to a police station where the weightlifter and her boyfriend marry. Janaki too arrives at the police station and finally confesses her love for Sambandham.