Gudi Gantalu

Vasu (N. T. Rama Rao) is an affluent gentleman who doesn’t have anyone as a family. He loses his parents at an early age and grows up in the presence of servants in his huge bungalow. Because of this, he always has possessiveness and various psychological complexes. He has a close relative named Bhadrayya (Ramana Reddy). This person is quite selfish and cruel. He plans to marry his daughter Subhadra (Vasanthi) in marriage with Vasu eyeing the latter’s property. But Subhadra loves her classmate Hari (Jaggaiah). However, Hari doesn’t have such intentions on Subhadra. He loves another woman named Kasthuri (Krishna Kumari). Kasthuri is the second daughter of the clerk Subbaiah (Chittor V. Nagaiah) in Vasu’s estate. She has an elder sister named Kalyani (Girija). She loves Bhadrayya’s son Krishna (Relangi). But Bhadrayya doesn’t approve of this match because of the status differences. Coming to Hari, he is a very good-natured man and his father dies while working in Vasu’s estate. He has great respect for his mother (Santa Kumari). Vasu also regards Hari’s family with great respect and supports for the latter’s education, and treats him like his own brother. But Bhadrayya plans to create rift between Vasu and Hari. Meanwhile Krishna and Kalyani plan to get married and out of respect for Bhadrayya, Vasu helps them financially. Vasu falls in love at first sight with Kasthuri in this wedding. Vasu obviously doesn’t know about the love between Hari and Kasthuri. Hari decides to sacrifice his love for the sake of Vasu, who looked after him and the support. He convinces Kasthuri and the engagement between Vasu and Kasthuri is done. Because of the cruel plan of Bhadrayya, the car which has Kasthuri meets with an accident. While rescuing her, Vasu loses his two legs in paralysis. Vasu sadly gets confined to wheelchair leading to the terrible inferiority complex. Vasu even misunderstands looking at Kasthuri and Hari being close. When the three go for a picnic, Vasu attempts to kill Hari and falls into the sea. Vasu gets rescued by the fishermen and he feels extremely guilty for suspecting his brother like Hari and trying to even kill the latter. He returns to his hometown in the disguise of a beggar. Nobody recognizes him and Hari gets married to Subhadra meanwhile. Vasu looks at Kasthuri as a widow and her dedication towards him as she spends time in looking at his statue. Kasthuri decides to end her life after Hari’s wedding and giving all the properties to him. Vasu realizes this and tries to rescue her with his limp legs. With the emotional agitation, he gets back his legs into normal. He rescues Kasthuri in timely manner near the sea and requests her to forgive him. The film ends on a happy note with the marriage of Vasu and Kasthuri.