Raja Cheyyi Vesthe

Raja ram (Nara rohit) is a aspiring film maker who thinks to defeat enemy not through muscle power through brain power. He loves a girl called chaitra(isha talwar) an orphan who has a secret motive which does not shows any interest on him. One day he got a message from a producer who interested to make film with him. But he puts some conditions to him i.e he want to kill a gangster turned businessman manik(taraka ratna) then he suspicious about the message and the producer which he didn't seen him. Then he thinks creatively and finds out that a cop and his friend subhash (shashank) is behind in the letter then he came to know that chaitra is the master mind of this entire plot. Then Chaitra tells her story to him when she was a kid manik killed her parents accidentally and says sorry formally and left. To avenges their death after growned up her brother chakri (srinivas avasarala) tries to kill him but all attempts fail and caughted by manik and dies brutally. After hereing her story raja ram decides to help her and makes a plan to kill him. Meanwhile chaitra falls for him and accepts his love. Raja ram's mother decides to make arrangements for their wedding. Then in a private party honest SP (sivaji raja) who is working against manik was insulted by a minister who supports manik and manik slaps him in front of everyone. Then at home manik observes a common point in his group photos i.e. he found out chakri and chaitra photos along with him who is following him. Then he understands everything and decides to kill chaitra. After that the plan was leaked by one of his friend Ravi (Ravi varma) to manik for a ransom then manik tries to kill him but Ravi tricks him and escapes with money. But he become loyal to manik and tells him the where abouts of Raja ram later it is revealed that Ravi is a loyal friend to Raja ram actually it is his plan to trap manik. Then manik chases chaitra to kill her then Raja ram rescues her and fight ensues between them in that area with the help of his friends Raja ram kills all his henchmen and manik kills his friend a junior artist. Then in a final combat all people gives the weapons to Raja ram in the fight with manik. Then Raja ram kills manik in the end. Police listed the case is in pending then it is revealed that Raja is the son of none other then the SP who was slapped by manik in the private party. And who supported him in the fight with manik is who want to take revenge on manik for death of their beloved persons. Finally the film ends with Raja ram started to work on direction department and Aspires his dream.