Anna Karenina

In 1874 Russian Empire, Prince Stephan "Stiva" Oblonsky's wife, Princess Darya "Dolly," banishes her husband from their home due to his infidelity. Stiva's sister, Anna Karenina, a well-off and liked socialite living in St. Petersburg with her older husband, Count Alexei Karenin, and their son, Sergei "Seryozha" Alexeyich Karenin, travels to Moscow to persuade Dolly to forgive Stiva.
Meanwhile, Stiva meets his old friend Konstantin Levin, a wealthy land owner and aristocrat who is looked down upon by Moscow's elite for preferring country life to city life. Levin professes his love for Stiva's sister-in-law, Princess Ekaterina "Kitty" Alexandrovna, and Stiva encourages him to propose. However, Kitty declines as she hopes to marry Count Alexei Vronsky. Later, Levin meets with his elder brother, Nikolai, who has given up his inheritance and taken a prostitute named Masha as his wife. Nikolai suggests that Levin marry one of the peasants on his estate. On the train to Moscow, Anna meets Vronsky's mother, Countess Vronskaya. Once there, Anna meets Vronsky himself and they have immediate mutual attraction. After a railway worker is killed in an accident at the station, Anna asks if anything can be done for his family. Vronsky is seen by Anna, Stiva, and the Countess giving a large sum of money to other railroad workers for the deceased's family. Anna convinces Dolly to take Stiva back. At a ball that night, Kitty attempts to dance with Vronsky, but he dances with Anna, attracting the attention of everyone in attendance and leaving Kitty heartbroken. Anna boards a train to St. Petersburg, but at a rest stop notices Vronsky, who declares that he must be wherever she goes. She tells him to go back to Moscow, but he refuses.
In St. Petersburg, Vronsky visits his cousin, Princess Elizaveta "Betsy" Tverskaya, a friend of the Karenins, and begins to show up at all the places Anna and Betsy visit. Vronsky flirts openly with Anna at a party, which catches Karenin's attention. He suggests they go home, but Anna chooses to stay. Vronsky tells her of his intention to take a promotion in another city, but Anna persuades him to stay. The next day they meet at a hotel and make love.
Stiva visits Levin at his country estate and informs Levin that Kitty and Vronsky are no longer to be married. Levin focuses on living an authentic country life, working in his fields with his workers and contemplating taking one of their daughters as his wife, as his brother had suggested.
Anna and Seryozha go to the Karenin country estate. Anna visits Vronsky at his country estate and reveals that she is pregnant. He wants her to leave Karenin and live with him. Later, Karenin surprises Anna and Seryozha in the gardens at their country estate where Anna suggests Karenin come to the horse races that evening. As the races begin, Anna betrays her feelings for Vronsky when his horse falls and breaks its back. On their way home, Anna admits to Karenin that she is Vronsky's mistress and Karenin says she must stop seeing Vronsky. Levin sees Kitty in a passing carriage and realises that he still loves her. Months later, Anna receives Vronsky at her house in St. Petersburg. As she complains about why he failed to come earlier, he tells her that his duties as an officer have delayed his visit. Karenin comes back home to find out that Vronsky visited Anna and breaks into her desk to get Vronsky's love letters, intending to use them to get a divorce. Meanwhile, Levin and Kitty are reunited at Stiva's house. Karenin comes to Stiva and Dolly's house to inform them he is divorcing Anna. They beg him to forgive her, but he refuses. After dinner, Levin and Kitty announce their love for each other and decide to marry. Anna goes into premature labour and sends for Vronsky. She berates him, saying that he could never be the man Karenin is. Karenin comes back, believing Anna is going to die and forgives her. Anna survives and initially decides to stay with her husband. Princess Betsy calls on Anna and tells her Vronsky wants to see her. Anna tells Betsy Karenin believes that they will be reunited as a family. Karenin shows Betsy out. He tells Anna that even if he divorced her on the grounds of adultery, as the guilty party, she wouldn't be allowed to remarry in the Orthodox Church. However, he releases Anna from her confinement. She and Vronsky soon leave for Italy with their daughter, Anya.
Levin and Kitty return to his country estate, where the sickly Nikolai and Masha have been given a storeroom to live in. Levin tells Kitty that he will send Masha away so Kitty doesn't have to live on the same estate as the former prostitute, but the newly matured Kitty ignores social norms and assists Masha in nursing Nikolai. Levin's love for Kitty grows.
Anna returns to St. Petersburg to see Seryozha on his birthday, but Karenin makes her leave after a short time. Anna now begins to suspect Vronsky of unfaithfulness. Anna attends the opera with Princess Myagkaya, a friend of Princess Betsy and a society woman who speaks her mind, but the rest of the upper class audience regard Anna with disdain as someone who "has broken the rules." Madam Kartasov, in the box next to Anna and Myagkaya, insists on leaving rather than sit by them. Though humiliated, Anna retains her poise, only to break down once back at her hotel. She begins using morphine to sleep. The next day, Anna has lunch at a restaurant where the society women avoid her. Dolly, however, joins her and tells her that Kitty is in Moscow to have her first child. Dolly says that Stiva's behavior has not changed, but she has come to accept and love him for who he is, though she sometimes wonders what her life would be like if she had left him. Later, Vronsky informs Anna that he has to meet his mother to settle some accounts and find out of Stiva has been able to convince Karinin to grant a divorce. Anna becomes upset when Princess Sorokina gives Vronsky a ride back to their hotel in her carriage, as Anna believes Countess Vronskaya wants Vronsky to marry Sorokina. Anna decides to leave St. Petersburg and return to Vronsky's country estate. On the train, she has hallucinations of Vronsky and Princess Sorokina making love and laughing at her. Arriving at Moscow station, Anna says to herself, "Oh God... " and jumps under an oncoming train that kills her. The scene then flashes to Vronsky who has a shocked face as if knowing his true love has died. Levin returns home from working in the fields to find Kitty bathing their child, Dmitri. Stiva and his family eat with Levin and Kitty. Karenin, now retired, is seen living at his country estate, with Seryozha and young Anya playing nearby.