22 Female Kottayam

Tessa (Rima Kallingal) is a nursing student in Bangalore with plans of traveling to Canada for a career. She meets Cyril (Fahadh Faasil) from the travel consultancy agency working towards setting up her visa. They soon fall in love and start living together. Tessa loves him with all her heart and takes their relationship and living together seriously.
One day while at a pub, a guy misbehaves with Tessa and Cyril beats him up badly. The guy tries to take revenge on Cyril and searches for him. Cyril goes into hiding with the help of his boss Hegde (Prathap Pothen). Hegde arrives at Cyril's home to inform Tessa about the situation. Then he asks her plainly "Can I have sex with you?" A shocked Tessa is then brutally attacked and raped. When Cyril finds out what happened, he becomes violent and wants to kill Hegde. Tessa calms him down saying that she does not want to make the incident worse than it is; she instead wants to get to Canada at the earliest. Once Tessa recovers from her injuries, Hegde visits her again to ask for forgiveness. He comes while Cyril is not around and rapes her for a second time. Tessa decides not to travel abroad and plans to murder Hegde.
Cyril discusses the situation with his boss who suggests killing Tessa and appoints Cyril to do it. Cyril traps her by putting some drugs in her bag. The police arrest Tessa and she is imprisoned. While Tessa calls out for help, she finds Cyril simply walking away from her, which is when she realises Cyril set her up. Cyril relocates to Cochin and runs a modeling agency. While in prison Tessa meets Zubeida (Rashmi Sathish) who is sentenced for murder. Through Zubeida's criminal world connections Tessa realizes that Cyril, is a known pimp and was cheating her along with the support of his boss Hegde. Zubeida and Tessa bond well with each other, and Zubeida moulds a criminal mindset within her for the strength and courage needed to strike back at Cyril and Hegde.
When the court sets her free, Tessa with the help of DK (Sathaar) kills Hegde by poisoning him with a cobra. Next, she arrives in Cochin as a femme fatale in search of Cyril while pretending to be a model. Later one night Tessa hooks up with Cyril in his studio. Cyril who had recognized her earlier reveals it angrily berates her. He beats her and abuses her by calling her a "slut who does any 'adjustment' to flourish her career" for stopping her further being a menace to him. But his frustration dissolves slowly as he wants to enjoy her company. She reminds him she is a mere woman.
But at night Tessa executes her revenge plan and sedates Cyril and sadistically penectomises him. When he regains consciousness she tells him that she has removed his male organ through a medical surgery. While Cyril finds himself in intense pain and bound to his bed, she taunts him to make him realize his faults and the gross wrongs he committed to her and rationalizes her crime. But he doesn't yield to her taunts and reveals a back-story concerning his mother and that his life as a pimp is not entirely his fault.
Tessa tells Cyril that she knows that she is still somewhere in his heart. She reminds him that she has only lost someone who cheated on her, whereas he lost someone who genuinely loved him. Now Cyril is stunned that he is not even able to face Tessa. Cyril recollects that her love was true and his love was overshadowed by his male supremacy concept and greed for wealth. Over the days he admits his actions that caused her pain. Then Tessa leaves him but not before inviting him to settle the score with her, if any remains there. Cyril accepts the challenge of a true criminal as he is and taunts her that he will confront her when he is ready, most probably knowing that he has to settle the score with her in terms of true love with roots in violence. Tessa leaves for Canada, dismantles her cell phone, and cuts further contact with DK.