Marie Antoinette

In 1771 Vienna, 15-year-old Marie Antoinette is informed by her mother, Empress Marie Therese of Austria, that Marie is to marry the future King of France, the Dauphin Louis XVI. The young princess is excited to meet her future husband and live as a queen, but the Dauphin she married is actually a shy man, more at home with locksmithing than attending parties at the court at Versailles. After they are married, Marie tries desperately to please her husband, and after some trepidation, the Dauphin realizes he can trust Marie and tells her he cannot produce heirs. Without children to occupy her time and attention, Marie is bored and associates with the power-hungry Duc d'Orleans, even though the Dauphin does not like him.
On their second wedding anniversary, Marie is insulted by Madame du Barry, the mistress of King Louis XV, who gives Marie a gift of an empty cradle with a poem critical of Marie's inability to produce an heir to the throne. Marie is enraged, but the Dauphin is too weak to have his grandfather, King Louis XV, punish Madame du Barry. Later, at a costume party, she meets the Swedish Count Axel Fersen and introduces him as a member of the Russian nobility as a party game. She then wagers and loses a necklace worth 200,000 livres, which causes her mother's ambassador, Count Mercy to scold her for her wanton behavior and disregard for the people. Marie is irritated by the scolding, but pays the ambassador little mind.
On their fourth wedding anniversary, a ball is held to conciliate Madame du Barry and Marie, but a confrontation between the two women ensues when du Barry pointedly draws attention to the Dauphin's absence from his wife's ball, implying that the couple's estrangement means there will never be an heir to the throne. When Marie responds with a cutting reference to du Barry's past as a streetwalker, the infuriated countess storms out with the king at her side. Louis XV then decides that the childless marriage between his grandson and Marie is to be annulled. This decision finally drives the Dauphin to defend his wife; he pushes his grandfather into a chair and threatens to put du Barry in the Bastille. When Marie is told she is to be sent back to Austria, she is immediately abandoned by d'Orleans, who was only her friend because of her role as future Queen of France. Marie flees to the home of her mother's ambassador, Count Mercy. There she finds Fersen, who tells her he loves her and has loved her for years—learning all he could about her from museums.
Marie realizes that she has fallen in love with Fersen, but as she goes to tell the Dauphin of this fact, she learns that King Louis XV is dying of smallpox. The Dauphin tells Marie that he cannot let her leave; he is fond of her even if he does not love her. Marie consents; Louis XV dies, and they become King and Queen of France. Marie tells Fersen that they can meet at another palace to be together, but he refuses to risk ruining her reputation, and tells her to fulfill her duty as Queen. Later, she gives birth in front of an audience to a daughter, Marie-Therese, and after that a new Dauphin is born at last.
Some years later, when the Dauphin has grown into a young boy, peasants throw stones at Marie's carriage while she has taken her children for a drive. She is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France. She blames d'Orleans for inciting them. Marie later rejects a jeweler's expensive and elaborate necklace, but she is framed by court insiders plotting to acquire the necklace for themselves, and the Affair of the Diamond Necklace erupts. Marie is outraged, but d'Orleans tells the royal couple to abdicate the throne in favor of the Dauphin under the regency of d'Orleans.
The French Revolution comes, and the royal family is taken prisoner. Fersen returns with a plan of escape, but when the Dauphin tells a guard that his father is a locksmith, the King is recognized and arrested after a former priest at Versailles identifies him. The King is put on trial and sentenced to death, and spends his last night with his family, his children not realizing this is the last night they will spend with their father. Marie is heartbroken, but is then separated from her children, put on trial and condemned to death. The Dauphin, too young to understand what is going on around him, is forced to testify against his mother. The night before she is executed, Fersen goes to the prison and they pledge their love to each other, with Marie telling him that she will never say goodbye. The next morning she goes bravely to her execution, which Fersen witnesses from a distance.