The Blue Max

German Corporal Bruno Stachel (George Peppard) leaves the fighting in the trenches to become an officer and fighter pilot in the German Army Air Service. Joining a squadron in spring 1918, he sets his sights on winning Germany's highest medal for valour, the Blue Max, for which he must shoot down 20 aircraft.
Of middle class origins, (his father ran a hotel with 5 bedrooms) Lieutenant Bruno Stachel considers himself the equal of the aristocratic pilots in his fighter squadron and sets out to prove it. Meanwhile, Willi von Klugermann (Jeremy Kemp), takes him under his wing. Their commanding officer, Hauptmann Otto Heidemann (Karl Michael Vogler) is an aristocratic officer whose belief in chivalry and the laws and customs of war conflict with Stachel's disregard for them.
On his first mission, Stachel, in a Pfalz D.III, shoots down a British S.E.5, but does not receive credit for his kill because there were no witnesses. Stachel searches the countryside for the wreckage, giving the impression that he cares more about himself than the combat death of a comrade in arms. In his defence, he points out to his fellow pilots that in his time in the trenches there were so many dead, no one had time to grieve over a single person.
Soon afterwards, he attacks an Allied two-man observation aircraft, incapacitating the rear gunner. Instead of downing the defenseless aircraft, he signals the pilot to fly to the German base. As they near the airfield, the wounded rear gunner revives and reaches for his machine-gun, unseen by the admiring observers on the ground. Stachel is forced to shoot the aircraft down. Afterwards, a disgusted Heidemann believes Stachel has committed a war crime just to gain a confirmed kill.
The incident brings Stachel to the attention of General Count von Klugermann (James Mason), Willi's uncle. When the General comes to the base to award his nephew the Blue Max, he meets Stachel. As Stachel is a commoner, the General sees great propaganda potential in him. Meanwhile, Kaeti (Ursula Andress), the general's wife, is carrying on a discreet affair with her husband's nephew.
Soon afterwards, Stachel is shot down after rescuing a red Fokker Dr.I triplane fighter plane from two British fighters. When he returns to the airfield, he is stunned when he is introduced to the man he saved: Manfred von Richthofen (Carl Schell) – the Red Baron. Richthofen offers Stachel a place in his squadron, which Stachel declines, explaining his desire to "prove himself" with his current squadron.
With Stachel temporarily grounded owing to a minor injury, General von Klugermann orders him to Berlin to help shore up crumbling public morale. The General invites him to dinner and after all the guests have left, he and Kaeti have sex. Upon his return, Stachel taunts an outraged Willi with the news.
Soon after, Stachel and Willi volunteer to escort a reconnaissance aircraft. British fighters attack their Fokker Dr. 1 triplanes. Stachel's guns jam, but Willi downs three Allied planes and the rest disengage. As the two return to their base, Willi challenges Stachel, partly by executing a near-perfect barrel roll to return in formation with Stachel.[3] Spotting a bridge, Willi dives under the wide middle span, but Stachel tops him by flying under a much narrower side one. Seething, Willi does the same, but, by not looking where he is going, clips the top of a tower afterwards and crashes fatally. When Stachel reports his death, Heidemann assumes that the two verified victories were Willi's. Insulted, Stachel impulsively claims them, even though he only fired 40 bullets before his guns jammed. Outraged, Heidemann reports to Berlin and accuses Stachel of lying. Yet the Air Service takes Stachel's word for it. Later, when he again has sex with Kaeti, he admits he lies.
During a strafing mission covering the retreat of the Imperial German Army, Stachel disobeys orders not to engage enemy fighters. One by one, the rest of the squadron follow him. Afterwards, Heidemann confronts him with the fact that half the squadron was killed in the ensuing dogfight, yet Stachel cares only that he has shot down enough aircraft, even without Willi's kills, to qualify for the Blue Max. Enraged, Heidemann submits a report recommending court martial proceedings.
The two men are ordered to Berlin. There, von Klugermann tells Heidemann that Stachel is to receive the Blue Max. Explaining that the people need a hero, he orders Heidemann to withdraw his report. Germany is, he says, waging total war against Allied soldiers and civilians and Stachel is the perfect hero for modern warfare. Sickened, Heidemann resigns his command and accepts a desk job.
Later that evening, the Countess visits Stachel and suggests that they elope to neutral Switzerland since Allied victory is inevitable. When he declines, she says that she knows Field Marshal von Lenndorf, whom Stachel had already met when seeing in a wind tunnel a model of an upcoming monoplane whose flying characteristics are reported by General von Klugermann as "risky", and can get him a transfer out of harm's way. Kaeti storms out when Stachel refuses to give up combat flying.
The next day, Stachel is awarded the Blue Max by the Crown Prince (Roger Ostime) in a well-publicised ceremony. However, an enraged Field Marshal von Lenndorf telephones von Klugermann and orders him to stop the ceremony, though the General informs him that this is impossible. An investigation has been opened into Stachel's false claim. The General asks how the Field Marshal found out. While listening on the phone, he turns to his wife and realises that she had provided von Lenndorf with Stachel's confession.
When Heidemann reports that the new monoplane he has just test-flown is a "death trap", with weak struts, von Klugermann sees a way to avoid a scandal that would otherwise harm the war effort and the officer corps as well as destroy his own career. He tells Stachel, "Let's see some real flying." Heidemann is shocked to see the aircraft leaving the tarmac, but is unable to stop it in time. He silently observes the General calmly watching from the office window. After several minutes, the stress of Stachel's aerobatics causes the aircraft to break up and plunge to the ground. Just before it hits the ground and explodes, von Klugermann rubber-stamps and signs Stachel's personnel file and says to his aide, Holbach (Anton Diffring), "Give this to the Field Marshal. It is the personal file of a German officer... and a hero." After Holbach leaves, the General tell his wife coldly that they "will be late for lunch", implying that she keep silent.
Outside, Captain Heidemann eyes von Klugermann with horror, but then recalls that he is in the presence of a superior officer and salutes. The General and the Countess are driven away in a staff car while the smoke from Stachel's burning aircraft rises in the background.