The Violent Men

Josh Parrish, a former Union Army officer, has been living out west to facilitate his recovery from an old war wound. Now that he has a clean bill of health, he plans to sell his land to Anchor Ranch and move east with his fiancée, Caroline Vail. However, he is troubled when he witnesses the town sheriff being gunned down by Wade Matlock, one of the henchmen working for the Anchor Ranch. Later, Anchor's crippled owner, Lew Wilkison, presents a low ball offer for Josh's ranch, telling him he has 24 hours to respond. After thinking about it, Josh decides to sell. Then, one of Josh's ranch hands is murdered by Wade.
Josh's men ride into town for revenge, but he orders them back to his ranch and tells them that the new town sheriff, who works for Lew, is waiting to arrest them if they kill Wade. Alone, Josh confronts Wade in the town saloon, surrounded by Lew's men. Josh asks Wade to give himself up for the killing. Wade begins to laugh. Josh slaps his face, grabs his gun hand, while pulling his own gun and killing Wade. Josh quickly exits the saloon before Lew's men can react.
The next day, Josh rides to the Anchor Ranch and tells Lew that his ranch is not for sale. Further, as he rides out, Josh tells Lew, "Don't force me to fight, because you won't like the way I fight." This riles everyone at the Anchor Ranch, except Judith, the daughter of Lew and Martha. Not all is well at Anchor with Martha carrying on with his brother, Cole, who also has a Mexican girl friend in town.
Led by Cole, Lew's men burn down Josh's ranch. Unbeknownst to Cole, Josh and his men expected this. Utilizing his military experience, they ambush Cole and Lew's men, causing major casualties.
Back at the Anchor ranch, Cole and Lew argue and Cole decides to leave, going into town to see his Mexican girl friend. Meanwhile, Josh and his men cause Lew's horses to stampede, forcing all of Lew's men to leave the ranch to deal with the horses. With the ranch unguarded, Josh's men set fire to the Anchor ranch. Still at the ranch, Lew and Martha are caught in the fire. Lew asks Martha for his crutches and she throws them into the fire before running from the burning house, leaving him to die.
Martha finds Cole and tells him that Lew is dead and together, they can rebuild Anchor. Cole agrees to help Martha and assembles a small army of men, with help from the sheriff, who believes that Lew is dead. Back at the ranch, Judith finds Lew, who has crawled from the burning house and is hurt, but far from dead. Judith takes Lew to the hills where Josh and his men are hiding.
Cole and Martha return to the ranch with the army of men but are confronted by Josh and Lew. The sheriff is shocked to see Lew, who orders the small army to leave his property. Josh, seeing Cole in the distance, rides toward him for a final showdown. Martha smiles, expecting Cole to kill Josh. They approach one another and start shooting. Cole is shot in the chest and falls to the ground, dead. Martha runs to him and as she kneels down, she sees Lew and Judith approaching her. In a panic, she runs from the ranch, only to be killed by Coles's Mexican girl friend.
Later, in town, Josh and his men are loading supplies on their wagon, when Judith approaches and tells Josh that her father would like him to run Anchor. Josh tells Judith he has his own ranch to rebuild and rides off. Then he quickly returns and smiling, he tells her "your father once told me he'd get my ranch one way or another." Josh and Judith ride off together.