Rasigar Mandram

Rameshkanth (Mansoor Ali Khan) and Sathya (Babu Ganesh) are the most famous hero of Tamil cinema. Kathiravan alias Kathir (Ganesh) is fan of Rameshkanth while Pandian (Gokul Krishna) is fan of Sathya. They are head of their respective fan clubs in their village and they have a go at each other at every opportunity. Bharathi (Uma) is the new music teacher of the village school, she is surprised to see that the village young men are all members of a cinema actor's fan club.
When a foreign water company took water with the government permission from the village, Annachi (Jaguar Thangam) with few villagers demonstrate in the street. Bharathi then explains to the villagers that the water plant would make the village a desert. Kathir's fan clubs members and Pandian's fan clubs members decide to protest on their respective sides. Bharathi wanted the ardent fans to make peace and Annachi reveals that they were all friends few years back. In the past, Kathir and Pandian were friends, and Kathir's sister Kavitha (Bhanu) was about to get married with Pandian. But one day, Pandian made fun of Kathir's favourite actor Rameshkanth, they fought and the wedding was cancelled.
The local politician Peethamparam (Mansoor Ali Khan) is getting money from the water company to support the project. Peethambaram resorts to the divide and rule policy in the village, therefore he creates a conflict between the two fan clubs. Pandian's group burns Kathir's fan club made with coconut leaves, thereafter Peethamparam offers Kathir a small ground to construct a fan club. Rameshkanth then donates a huge amount for constructing a solid-silver statue of him and the fan club. In the meantime, Kathir and Bharathi fall in love with each other. Bharathi then advice Kathir to build a school in place of a fan club. One day, Pandian leaves his sick mother to attend Sathya's new film Pooja. His mother then died and Kathir did all the funeral rites. After his return to the village, Pandian is heartbroken. Pandian and Kathir patch up a quarrel, and the fan clubs are dissolved. Bharathi has gathered more than 3000 signatures on a petition to stop the project and send it to Delhi. Finally, a collector visits the village and cancels the company's license, the company was allowed to bore to 300 ft but the company bored to 2000 ft.