Bobbili Yudham

The film begins with birthday celebrations of Prince Chinna Venkatrayudu son of Raja Rangarayudu (N. T. Rama Rao) King of Bobbili for which Raja Vijayaramaraju (Rajanala) King of Vijayanagaram was invited. On this occasion sports competitions conducted in which Bobbili wins, that makes Vijayaramaraju felt insulted and decides to take revenge over Bobbili. At the same time, French foreign invaders enter into the country and send a memorandum to Vijayaramaraju, according to the orders of General Bussi. Taking this as advantage Vijayaramaraju mixes up hands with Bussi (Mukkamala) and takes the authority on Bobbili and commands them to pay taxes. But they refuse as they are freedom lovers. Vijayaramaraju goes into the shelter of Bussi and plans an attack on Bobbili.
Vengallarayudu (C. Seetaram) is the brother of Rangarayudu loves and marries Subhadra (Jamuna) sister of Tandra Paparayudu (S. V. Ranga Rao). Soon after the marriage, a spy who came from Vijayanagaram was caught by Tandra Paparayudu and he reveals the conspiracy of Vijayaramaraju and misleads them by an information that they are coming from Rajaam. To attack them Tandra Paparayudu moves to Rajaam fort. Knowing this Bussi plans to use forest route as shortest and surrounds the Bobbili fort during the night. Rangarayudu sends Dharmarayudu (M. Balaiah) for compromise but he comes back with injuries and blood sodden clothes. Then a letter was sent to Tandra Paparayadu to come back but it was caught. Bobbili warriors decide to face French army and the war begins. French army tries to enter fort by all means without success as they open firing and break open the main walls. In the war, many people die one after the other Vengallarayudu was backstabbed and Subhadra also dies. Finally, Raja Rangarayudu moves to the war where his wife Queen Mallamma Devi (Bhanumathi Ramakrishna) realizes that now Bobbili dynasty is going to an end, to keep up the heritage she sends her son Chinna Venkatrayudu in disguise to Samarlakota. French army cannot withstand before Rangarayudu's valor so Bussi orders to blast the fort and they do so. All men die in the blast and every woman inside the fort commit suicide including Mallamma Devi.
Meanwhile, Tandra Paparayudu suspects foul play of enemies and rushes to Bobbili. Simultaneously, Queen Chandrayamma (Jayanthi) wife of Vijayaramaraju also goes to Bobbili to stop the war at least in last moment, on the way she meets Chinna Venkatrayudu and takes with her. Reaching Bobbili Tandra Paparayudu sees dead bodies of Rangarayudu & Mallamma and takes a pledge that he will definitely take revenge for their deaths. Midnight he enters into the tent of Vijayaramaraju and kills him, Bussi tries to arrest him then he kills himself. Chandrayamma also dies seeing husband’s dead body uniting the hands of the Bobbili & Vijayanagaram prince.