Dhaam Dhoom

Gautham Subramaniam (Jayam Ravi) is a doctor from an Indian family who lives in Chennai. Since his father (Nizhagal Ravi) and mother are doctors, he wanted to become a doctor. Gautham gets an opportunity from the Government of India to go to Russia to represent India in a week long medical conference, along with five other young doctors. Gautham is delighted to receive this offer and packs his bags to fly to Russia. Meanwhile, his beloved is introduced on the frame which happens to be Shenba (Kangana Ranaut). She happens to be the same village girl in which Gautham's sister Sarasu (Anu Haasan) resides with her husband (Chetan) and so they two meet and fall in love. Despite initial frictions between her father and uncle (Pithamagan Mahadevan and Bose Venkat) with Gautham, they eventually agree to get the pair married. Gautham’s parents agree to the marriage, and as a happy man, Gautham is ready to marry Shenba after his return to India from his Russia trip.
Finally, the journey to Russia happens, Gautham reaches Moscow, and completes his immigration procedures. Incidentally, Gautham meets Anna (Maria Kozhevnikova), and unknowingly, the lady drops her jacket, which is seen by Gautham. He has no time to return the jacket and exits from the Moscow airport accompanied by his medical team. Gautham is flabbergasted by the roads and buildings of the city and is surprised to see the city of Moscow from his hotel view. Gautham learns that the only hiccup with Russians is that the people are ignorant about the English language and the whole conversation with them must be made in Russian national language.
Soon after, Gautham discovers Anna and takes the prospect to return her coat. The two get together well and part the ways. Meanwhile, Gautham's medical conference takes place successfully and in order to celebrate its success, the whole team head to a nightclub. Gautham bumps into Anna in the nightclub, and the two have an enjoyable time in the club. Anna, due to heavy consumption of liquor, intoxicates, and Gautham has no other choice than to accompany her to her room. When the two reach Anna’s apartment in, they settle down and sleep. Gautham is brutally dragged onto the floor by a Russian police officer the next day morning, and the reason is that Anna is murdered on her sofa.
Consequently, Gautham's situation changes; he gets abused, accused and is imprisoned by the Russian police. The language, people and the surroundings are totally new and confusing to the hero. Aarthi Chinnappa (Lakshmi Rai) is appointed as a defendant lawyer to the culprit Gautham. The Indian consulate sends Raghavan Nambiar (Jayaram) to Gautham's rescue. When Gautham tries to run away from the Russian police, he gets drowned in a lake, and Aarthi finds him at the shore. Aarthi kisses Gautham to rescue him, and she realises that she has fallen in love with Gautham, but suppresses her feelings when she learns about Shenba. Gautham escapes from the police and is running around St. Petersburg with Aarthi, trying to figure out who murdered Anna and why he was caught up in the scandal. Whilst, fleeing from the police, Gautham gets shot by the mob and manages to escape narrowly. After taking care of his wounds, Aarthi and Gautham decide to seek down those who misled them. With the eventual villainous figure being revealed as Raghavan.
Before a shoot out, Raghavan reveals that Anna was a drug trafficker from Chennai to Russia, and by dropping her coat, consisting of drugs, off at the airport, manages to evade being caught. Soon after, Anna had changed her ways and was ready to tell the police about Raghavan's drug dealing, but before that happened Raghavan along with the mob had her killed off. In the final scene, Raghavan is killed by the police, and Gautham is set free to reunite with Shenba for their wedding.