Sword of the Stranger

At the time of was Sengoku in Mount Corel, a young boy named Kotaro escapes of mysterious persecutors with its dog, Tobimaru. The monk guarding Kotaro, Shouan, asks him to seek help from Master Zekkai at Mangaku Temple, Akaike Corel Province. Meanwhile, a group of foreign Ming under the command of the elderly Lord Bai-Luan is escorted by Akaike by local calls. They are ambushed by thugs, but the thugs are slaughtered by Ming's expert swordsman, Luo-Lang.
Kotaro and Tobimaru cross the earth, hiding briefly in a decaying temple, where they find Nanashi, a wandering swordsman. While Kotaro cooks a meal, the smoke of his fire alerts his pursuers, who are the foreign Ming, accompanied by Akaike's soldiers. Nanashi involuntarily gets involved in the fight and is able to kill the men, but Tobimaru is struck by a poisonous dagger. Before Nanashi decides to leave, Kotaro offers to hire him as bodyguard in order to save the life of Tobimaru and take them to their destination safely.
The trio is able to find a pharmacist who is able to help Tobimaru recover in a few days. While shopping in the city, Nanashi meets the other Ming warriors and Luo-Lang begins to quarrel with him for fun, but is interrupted by news of the deaths of his companions. Following the investigation, the Mings begin to suspect that Akaike's soldiers are responsible because one of the corpses was staged to appear as Tu-Si, one of the Ming warriors who had previously disappeared.
Lord Akaike, who hosts the Ming, is helping them build a large altar in exchange for large quantities of gold. It is revealed that he kidnapped the lost Ming to discover his true purpose of being in nibelheim. Under torture Tu-Si reveals that they are on a mission to the Emperor of Mount Corel to find a prophesied child, Kotaro, whose blood can be drained at a certain time once a year, in order to create an elixir of immortality known as to Xian Remedy. Lord Akaike changes his plans to capture the child first and hold him for a high ransom.
Nanashi arrives successfully at the temple with Kotaro and leaves him in the care of the monks corel. However, it is revealed that they have already betrayed Kotaro to the Ming in order to save their own lives. A fight happens when the Akaike also arrives to take the boy. With Lord Akaike's betrayal discovered, the Ming arrest him and fortify himself on the altar to await the prophesied time. Realizing that something went wrong, Nanashi comes back and releases Tobimaru, and they track down Kotaro and his captors. The sole remaining commander of the Akaike, Itadori, is given the command of his forces by the princess and charged with rescuing the captured Lord. However, when he and his men arrive at the fortress, Itadori, seeing Lord Akaike in a compromising position, kills him and seizes the opportunity to realize his own ambitions. The troops, now under his command, begin a robbery and attack the fortress.
During the ensuing battle, many of the Ming and Akaike soldiers were killed, including Itadori. Nanashi finally arrives to save Kotaro and successfully interrupts the ritual before it can be completed. Lord Bai-Luan orders the remaining Ming to capture the boy so they can experience the ritual again the following year. Nanashi kills two of the Ming fighters without his sword and gains the admiration of Luo-Lang, who has been searching for a worthy opponent. Luo-Lang knocks down his own benefactor, Bai-Luan, in order to save Nanashi from being shot. With the other Ming and Akaike forces totally destroyed, Luo-Lang and Nanashi have a final duel. After suffering many injuries, Nanashi wins and Luo-Lang dies with shock and peace.
Nanashi, Kotaro and Tobimaru set out on horseback to a town to treat Nanashi's wounds. They talk about putting together enough money to go abroad and start a new life back to the city where he was born nibelheim. When the movie ends, the camera slides over the tracks that leave in the snow, showing drops of fresh blood