Garden of Evil

En route to California to prospect for gold, ex-sheriff Hooker, professional gambler Fiske, and bounty hunter Luke Daly are forced to stop over in a tiny Mexican village by engine trouble on the ship they are taking. A desperate Leah Fuller hires the three men and local Vicente Madariaga, to rescue her husband, John, who is pinned under debris from a gold mine cave-in in hostile Apache territory.
During the harrowing journey, Luke tries to force himself on Leah late one night, forcing Hooker to intervene. Leah tells Hooker that where her husband is trapped, once was a boom town, but a volcano eruption wiped it out, leaving only a church steeple and the mine uncovered by lava. The resident priest called it the "garden of evil". The Indians now consider the volcano sacred. The group then arrives at the mine. They find John unconscious, and they free him.
Before John wakes up, Hooker sets the man's broken leg. When John regains consciousness, he accuses Leah of using him to get gold. Hooker talks to Leah later, about what her husband said; after he tells her that he has spotted signs of Apaches nearby, she offers him and the others all the gold they have dug up to take her husband away that night, while she remains behind to make it look like they are all still there. The cynical Fiske unexpectedly offers to stay with her, but when he asks her what he is to her, she tells him, "you're nothing at all, just nothing."
When they are ready to leave, Leah is true to her word, but Hooker knocks her out and takes her along. When they stop to rest, realizing he is fatally slowing them down, John talks Luke into helping him onto a horse; he then rides off. When Hooker shows up, John draws his pistol, but is killed by an arrow in the back. At a burnt-out mission, they find John dead and hung upside down on a cross. Vicente is the next to fall. At a choke point in the cliff-hugging only path out, the two remaining men draw cards to see who will stay behind to hold off the Indians while the other rides with Leah to safety. Fiske "wins" and succeeds in killing or driving off most of their pursuers. After seeing that Leah is safe, Hooker shoots a few more Apaches and returns to talk with a dying Fiske, who admits he cheated on the card draw to guarantee he would stay behind. Fiske urges Hooker to settle down with Leah. Hooker catches up with Leah, and they ride off into the sunset together.