Chained

Nine-year-old Tim and his mother Sarah (Julia Ormond) are brought to the cinema by his father Brad (Jake Weber) who urges them to take a taxi instead of a bus when going home. After the show, Sarah wants to call a taxi but one is already arriving. They enter it but instead of taking them home, the driver, Bob (Vincent D'Onofrio), abducts them into his home. There he kills Sarah and makes Tim his slave for his housework, threatening him with violence if he does not obey and giving him the new name "Rabbit". Tim tries to escape later, Bob even encourages him to run away, but then Tim is afraid to do this when he notices that nobody can hear him far away from the city. Bob is revealed to be a serial killer who abducts young girls, then rapes and kills them at his home.
Nine years later, Tim has become a teenager and is still caught in Bob's home doing the housework and burying Bob's dead victims. Bob acts as an ersatz stepfather, making Tim read books about the human body so that he learns how it works. Bob also shows him a picture of Tim's father who has married a new wife and has had another son with her, making Tim believe that he has nobody else other than Bob to care for him. Later, Bob asks Tim if he also wants a girl and shows him the yearbook of a college to pick a victim. Tim initially refuses, angering Bob. Bob then forces Tim to choose a girl from the book, so he selects Angie and Bob abducts her.
Bob leaves Tim and Angie in a room, suggesting Tim rape and then kill the girl afterward with a knife. Tim hesitates but then stabs her in the stomach. He then buries her body with all the other victims.
Bob seems to be satisfied with Tim's development as after this Tim asks him to go out for a hunt. Bob takes him in the city with his cab, suggesting several potential victims, but Tim refuses. Bob wants to return home but discovers that Tim has written the word "help" with red lipstick on the side of the cab. Enraged, Bob beats Tim and drives home. Bob then realizes that Tim had not killed Angie, but only stabbed her non-lethally and hidden her where the other bodies are buried. He knocks Tim unconscious and enters the small room where Angie is lying, in order to kill her. Angie manages to cut Bob's Achilles tendon while Tim awakes and comes to save her. After a brawl, Tim kills Bob by cutting his throat and then buries him next to his victims.
Tim drives Bob's cab in the city to his old home, encountering his father Brad, his new wife Marie (Gina Philips) and his half-brother. His father is surprised to see him alive and feigns delight about this but then Tim confronts him with a letter he has found at Bob's home. This letter reveals that Bob is Brad's brother (and therefore Tim's uncle) and that Brad arranged the abduction of Tim and his mother as he wanted to get rid of them. Brad attacks Tim in anger and wants him to leave but Marie interferes as she is shocked about the revelation. Brad beats Marie and Tim tries to defend her but is knocked down by Brad, who continues to beat him. Tim knocks Brad on the head with a glass, killing him. Marie then urges Tim to leave and calls the police, claiming that burglars have killed her husband. Tim drives with the cab to Bob's home, as it is the only place where he can hide.
In the closing credits the sounds of someone (presumably Tim) entering the garage, starting the cab and leaving with it, can be heard.