Voices

The film is about the life of a young couple Robert (David Hemmings) and Claire Williams (Gayle Hunnicutt), whose idyllic existence is turned topsy turvy when their 6-year-old son David (Adam Bridge) dies accidentally by drowning. Through a series of flashbacks it is shown that Claire was deeply traumatized by the loss of David and after numerous suicide attempts due to her mental breakdown, she was finally hospitalized in a mental hospital. Her husband Robert had been trying to cope with the stress as well as but it is apparent that the situation had become increasingly difficult for them both. After Claire gets released from the hospital, with the hope of Claire's full recovery, the couple plans a trip to the countryside where they can relax in the Georgian home, a secluded large manor which was left to Claire by her recently deceased aunt. Their trip gets hindered due to the foggy weather. The fog is so thick that Robert avoids ramming into an oncoming car and hits a tree. When they finally reach the ancient mansion, it seems like the perfect setting for the couple to rekindle their romance but things disintegrate quickly. The situation reaches a breaking point after Claire begins hearing strange unidentifiable voices in the house. Eventually the voices take shape and Claire comes face to face with the ghostly figure of a young girl Jessica (Eva Griffiths) playing with a toy ball who doesn’t seem aware of the couple’s presence. But she isn’t the only ghost haunting the old house. Her mother and brother are also present. Claire desperately tries to convince Robert that she had indeed seen the ghosts but he refuses to do so. However, later both Claire and her husband Robert experience a series of unexplained supernatural events that leave them questioning their sanity as well as their very existence.
When the couple finally decides to leave the house and go back to their car, they find out they are dead. Their car had indeed crashed into a tree and their bodies were still inside the wrecked car.