Pandaga Chesko

The movie starts with Karthik (Ram) who runs a multimillion-dollar company in Portugal living with his mother (Pavitra Lokesh), father (Rao Ramesh), brother in law and sister. Karthik runs the company where he has employed his father (Rao Ramesh), brother in law, and sister, keeping them on their toes to leave no stone unturned to take his company to greater heights. He meets another millionaire, Anushka (Sonal Chauhan), for a business deal. She decides to propose Karthik for marriage as a calculated move for their business. She also has to tie the knot with the right guy if she is to inherit her father's wealth. They get engaged, however Karthik's family is disappointed by the proposal.
One of Karthik's companies gets into legal trouble due to a case registered by The Green Army, headed by Divya (Rakul Preet Singh), against his factory, so he heads to India to sort out the issue.
He tries hard to convince Divya to withdraw her case, but in vain. Despite being engaged to Anushka, Karthik goes to great extent of trying to impress Divya, including teasing and flirting. However, Karthik later reveals his actual purpose of coming to India, as he is the son of Bhupathi's (Sampath Raj) sister, who has been staying away from her family for the past twenty-five years. Divya's father and his three brothers abandoned their respective wives and sent them back to their house to live with their own brother (Sai Kumar), because he refused to marry Bhupathi's sister. However, this was a sacrifice by Sai Kumar because Bhupathi's sister herself confessed that she was in love with someone else, Karthik's father. As it turns out, Bhupathi's sister is none other than Karthik's mother.
After seeing the fight of Karthik in an attempt to save Divya from brawlers, Bhupati meets Karthik for a marriage proposal with Divya. Karthik then goes to her village to reunite the family against all odds and marry Divya.
Eventually, Karthik reunites the family who was separated for 25 years and marries Divya, bringing Pandaga (festival) for the family.