Maya Mayooram

Nanda (Revathi) who is an engineering graduate lives with her friend Vimala (Shanthi Krishna) in Bangalore. After a public event, Nanda receives some photographs of her from the event, dropped at her doorstep by an unknown person. Initially, she ignores the matter, but is soon annoyed as she gets another set of pictures of her walking the streets and being in a restaurant, proving that someone has been stalking her. Her investigations into the stalker fails. One night, she shares a taxi with a Malayali stranger (Mohanlal), who initially lies about him being a poorly educated villager trying for a job in Bangalore, and later admits of being the stalker. He introduces himself as Raghupathi, a commercial advertising photographer, who got interested in Nanda's features in an artistic perspective. Later, Nanda decides to get the film negatives from him, and visits the ad agency he mentioned, only to find that he had lied; the real Raghupathi (T. P. Madhavan) is also a Malayali, but not the stalker. Soon she receives a phone call from the stalker, who apologizes and give a new introduction as Mohan Tharakan, owner of a leading architecture firm. Nanda sets up an appointment to meet him, again to find that it was yet another lie; the real Mohan Tharakan (Janardhanan), another Malayali, shows irritation on Nanda's cluelessness. Nevertheless, she gets the film negatives from another stranger, who directs her to a restaurant, which he says is owned by the stalker. Nanda and Vimala goes to the restaurant to find that the owner is yet another person. Nanda breaks down in the trauma of being stalked and pranked around multiple times. Seeing her upset, the restaurant's Malayali owner (Nedumudi Venu) accepts his involvement in the prank, and directs her to the real location of the stalker. Eventually, at an exclusive party, Nanda finds the stalker, who is revealed as Narendran, an MIT graduate and lead architect in Mohan Tharakan's company. As Narendran starts to show off being smug and trying to be cute, Nanda slaps him in front of the crowd and walks out. Throughout the sequence, a blossoming love affair is being built into Nanda's vulnerable responses to events and Narendran's male confidence.
The movie then runs then runs through usual song-and-dance sequences on Narendran-Nanda falling in love, them running and biking around Bangalore, and eventually starting a live-in relationship, getting engaged, etc. The story takes a turn when Narendran falls from a building and meets his death. A depressed Nanda escorts Narendran's body to his village in Kerala. To her surprise, in the village she finds someone looking exactly like Narendran, who we learn as his identical twin, Krishnan Unni (Mohanlal). Initially, Nanda even thinks that Narendran is not dead and the death incident was yet another prank. We learn that Unni is in love with Bhadra (Shobana), another girl in the village. Nanda and Bhadra become friends. Things go topsy turvy as Unni's parents decides to move a marriage proposal to get Unni and Nanda together. Shocked, Bhadra attempts suicide, but is saved. Unable to handle the situation, Nanda commits suicide. Narendran's ghost is seen, who intends to take Nanda with him, clear to an astonished Unni.