Visaranai

Pandi (Dinesh Ravi), Murugan (Aadukalam Murugadoss), Afzal (Silambarasan Rathnasamy), Kumar (Pradheesh Raj) are Tamil labourers who are working in Andhra Pradesh and living in a nearby park and working to make ends meet. A Tamil man Muthuvel is shown to be undertaking some operation in Andhra Pradesh along with a group of men. The lives of the four labourers take a turn for worse when they are caught, beaten and tortured brutally in police lock-up for a theft they did not commit, due to police's need to close a high-profile robbery case. The four resist the torture and refuse to confess, but are forced to relent due to the police brutality. However, when produced in court, they speak out the true set of events to the judge. Muthuvel (Samuthirakani), who is shown to be a Police Inspector, helps them go free by translating for them in court and vouching for them. Before the men can leave, Muthuvel enlists their help to kidnap a high-profile auditor K.K (Kishore) who has been handling the black money for an opposing political party in Tamil Nadu. The men are brought back to Tamil Nadu, and Kumar is dropped on the way to Chennai.
The remaining three men are asked by Muthuvel to clean the police station before leaving. The nature of Muthuvel's case is then revealed. The kidnapping was masterminded by the Deputy Commissioner of Police (D.C.P), under directions from the ruling political party of the state, to use K.K in court and take down the opposition party. Meanwhile, the Assistant Commissioner (A.C.P), who is on the payroll of the opposition party, convinces the D.C.P to play a double game and get 3 crores (30 million) rupees from the opposition for dropping the case. However, buying the D.C.P's bluff, the opposition party fears that K.K has given up their secrets and orders the A.C.P to interrogate him, during which he dies from the injuries sustained. A discussion ensues to figure out a way cover up the death as a suicide.
After the meeting, the D.C.P sees Pandi and Afzal in an adjoining bathroom and suspects that they might have overheard the plan. To cover up, they decide to frame Pandi and his friends as convicts in a pending A.T.M robbery case, and eliminate them under the cover of an encounter. Muthuvel, who feels responsible for the three men, is fed up with the corruption and immorality of the events that have transpired and initially refuses to cooperate, but he is coerced because of his deep involvement. During the staged encounter, Afzal is killed, causing Pandi and Murugan to runaway. In the ensuing pursuit, Murugan is shot and killed. Muthuvel chases Pandi and negotiates with him, assuring no harm and promising a spot in front of the media to expose the corruption. Meanwhile, orders arrive from the D.C.P to tie up loose ends and eliminate Muthuvel as well. As the film cuts to black, gunshots are heard, followed by a conversation that reveals the death of both Muthuvel and Pandi. A plan is made for the press coverage of Muthuvel's death 'in the line of duty', alongside photographs of his family to hold the attention and sympathy of the public.