Villain

The film opens with the murder of three men at gunpoint, killed by injecting a drug. ADGP Mathew Manjooran is taking a voluntary retirement after a sabbatical. He is called on his last day on the force by the DGP to look into the case. Manjooran takes the case and is aided by officers Harshitha Chopra and Iqbal. Chopra informs that she observed a nervous woman wearing a burqa rushing into a restaurant on the same night of the murder. She offered help, but the woman refused and ran away. It is later revealed that the woman was trying to get Manjooran's attention who happened to be on the same restaurant.
In the flashback seven months ago, Manjooran arrests a drug-lord named Felix D. Vincent, however he escapes from custody without a clue. Manjooran accompanies his daughter to her new college in Delhi along with his wife Neelima. In the middle way, he receives duty call and returns to workplace leaving his family alone to travel. Their car is hit by a lorry, leaving his daughter dead and Neelima in comatose.
In present, three more men are murdered in the same fashion. The dead victims have a connection with Tharakan's Hospital. Manjooran deduces the killer to be Shaktivel, a doctor who works at that hospital. He finds out that Shativel has a dark past, his father committed suicide by setting himself on fire inside the college where Shativel was denied an admission. After several protests, the college management admits Shaktivel. Witnessing father's death causes him mental trauma and become an introvert. He witnesses many wrongful conducts in the hospital, and after graduating he starts killing the perpetrators. He has his girlfriend Sreya as accomplice, who is revealed to be the woman in the burqa.
Meanwhile, Chopra finds out that Manjooran's family was actually murdered by Felix. She informs Manjooran, but Manjooran apparently had known this all along and shows no interest. Right after, they receive a video message from Sreya revealing the location of Felix. Manjooran fights Felix and is about to kill him, but draw back on realising that it is what Shaktivel wants, instead arrests him. Manjooran discovers that Shkativel's next target is DGP, for threatening a patient named Khalid Musthafa, who died in hospital bed.
Manjooran is sedated and taken by Sreya to Shaktivel, who plans to kill DGP in front of Manjooran. Manjooran tries to talk him out of it. Shaktivel believes that the law system is corrupt and what he does is an alternate justice. He reveals that Manjooran is also a murderer who mercy killed his wife and asks him who is the real villain. To which, Manjooran replies: "There is a villain in every hero, and there is a hero in every villain". Their argument ensues a hand-to-hand combat and Manjooran manages to beat Shaktivel. He spares him as he believes Shaktivel could still become a good doctor after treating his mental illness. Manjooran is then shown building a school, completing his wife's last wish.