Sister Street Fighter

When Lee Long (Hiroshi Miyauchi), a shorinji kempo champion and Hong Kong drug agent, goes missing during an investigation into the activities of a dummy corporation called Central Export, his sister, Tina (Sue Shiomi), is called in to continue the investigation in his place. On her way to Club Mandarin, she visits her uncle (Harry Kondo), who operates a restaurant, and her cousins Jerry (Tatsuya Nanjo) and Remi (Nami Tachibana). At Club Mandarin, she receives a red rose, the signal to look for Lee's partner in the investigation, Fanny Singer (Xiè Xiù-Róng). When assassins for Central Export abduct Fanny, Tina takes them on singlehandedly, but they manage to capture Fanny and load her in their car, which is then hijacked by shorinji kempo student Sonny Hibachi (Sonny Chiba), who proceeds to transport her to the ballet studio operated by his girlfriend, Shinobu Kojo (Sanae Ohori).
Furious at his minions for failing him, Ryozo Hayashi (Shohei Yamamoto) hires a mercenary, Hammerhead (Milton Ishibashi), to spy on the shorinji kempo school, led by Tetsudo Fujita (Asao Uchida). When Tina stops by, she's formally introduced to Sonny and another student, Emmy Kawasaki (May Hayakawa). After Sonny assures Tina that Fanny's all right, she hurries over to Kojo's ballet studio to question Fanny. After Fanny reveals that Lee was captured, she gives Tina a necklace before spasming from a lack of exposure to heroin, which she had been forcefully addicted to, as Hammerhead's minions attack the ballet studio. Tina and Kojo successfully ward them off, but Fanny is killed in a sneak attack using a poison dart.
Some time later, Emmy swears the shorinji kempo school's allegiance to Tina in her investigation as she stumbles across another piece of evidence in the form of a lock of hair. Central Export's leader, Kaki (Bin Amatsu), offers Hammerhead a great reward if he disposes of Tina. After Tina clears out several minions, she encounters Hammerhead, and they fight on a bridge. Hammerhead reveals the truth to Tina, that Lee is still alive and captive in Kaki's dungeon, before sending her off the bridge into an apparent watery grave. Emmy does her own espionage work and helps Tina destroy a warehouse owned by Central Export.
Though Kaki is furious at Hammerhead, he allows him and his minions to directly attack the shorinji kempo school with the hope that the attack will also lead to Tina's demise in the process. Sonny successfully wards off the ambush in a one-on-one duel against Hammerhead himself, though, and when Hammerhead subsequently sinks into a depression and starts to drink himself to death, a frustrated Kaki is forced to use her uncle against her by forcing him to divulge a false lead. Kaki believes Tina will be killed by his minions, but Tina manages to stop them. She returns to her uncle's restaurant with Emmy just as he's killed by a poison dart in front of Jerry and Remi.
Tina returns to Central Export and enters the dungeon, where she extracts Lee right before a sinister minister wielding an arrow gun offs him before her eyes. Tina herself is dropped into a pit and nearly killed when Kaki ties her by her feet above a bed of spikes, but as he burns the rope she breaks free and throws his mistress onto the bed of spikes. She then proceeds to take down several more minions before confronting Hayashi and killing him by twisting his neck. Sonny, Emmy, and Kojo arrive as backup and kill many of the remaining minions, including Hammerhead. Tina takes on Kaki herself and kills him with his own claw hand.