Darr

The film begins with Kiran (Juhi Chawla), a college student, returning home to her brother Vijay (Anupam Kher) and his wife Poonam (Tanvi Azmi) for Holi celebrations and being obsessively stalked along the way by Rahul (Shahrukh Khan), her classmate who has a crush on her. Kiran's boyfriend Sunil (Sunny Deol) is a Navy Marine Commando officer, and is on a mission to free a child hostage from some terrorists on the high seas. Sunil saves the child hostage. Sunil's Captain Mehra (Dalip Tahil) is also the father of Rahul. Rahul tries to be friendly with Sunil in order to be closer to Kiran.
When Kiran reaches home, she is continually stalked by Rahul on the phone. This causes much stress to herself and her family. He crashes Kiran's family's Holi celebrations incognito as a member of the band. Sunil asks Kiran to offer the band some money for their performance, where Rahul, veiled in Holi colours, whispers "I love you, K-K-K-Kiran" to Kiran, which disturbs her greatly and a foot chase ensues to find the hooligan who's invaded their house, but Rahul soon disappears into the crowd.
When Rahul receives the news of Kiran and Sunil's engagement, he tries to shoot and kill Sunil when the couple are out shopping for a wedding ring. He misses his aim and Sunil begins to chase him, from which Rahul narrowly escapes being recognised by Sunil.
Kiran and Sunil get married but Rahul still refuses to give up on Kiran. He defaces the newly married couple's home with graffiti declaring his love, causing more distress to them. To get away from the stalker, Sunil takes Kiran on a surprise honeymoon to Switzerland. Learning their location through devious means, Rahul turns up at their hotel in the Alps. Kiran recognizes him from college and the couple welcome him to be part of their festivities. That very evening, Sunil finds out from Kiran's brother Vijay that Rahul is the one who has been Kiran's stalker all along. He sends Kiran away on a boat and confronts Rahul. Rahul tries to run, but Sunil catches up with him in a forest where they have a fight. Rahul stabs Sunil with a knife after feigning surrender, and leaves him for dead. He then goes to the boat and tries to forcefully abduct Kiran, he wants to marry Kiran without her consent. But Sunil comes back and brutally beats him before shooting and killing him. Kiran and Sunil then return to India and reunite with their family.