Cinco

The film is divided into five parts entitled "Braso" (lit. Arm), "Paa" (lit. Feet), "Mata" (lit. Eyes), "Mukha" (lit. Face) and "Puso" (lit. Heart).
Three neophytes (Sam Concepcion, AJ Perez & Robi Domingo) are brought to a morgue for the final part of their initiation, while being dressed in lingeries. They are told to last three hours in the keep. An overeager neophyte snoops around the morgue, after a detached arm on a corpse, with the R.I.P. tattoo on the hand, comes to life. They manage to escape, but the arm still crawls and strangles their fraternity master. The hand is last seen crawling out of the man's mouth before blacking out.
A young mother (Jodi Sta. Maria) visits the wake of her daughter's classmate. A hand with R.I.P. tattoo on the hand was seen walking on the area also. As she went to a wake, a rabid dog bit her. Soon after, she finds the ghost of the dead child on her tail, seeking revenge after she stole the shoes of her daughter's classmate ( which caused the car accident that so caused the death and amputation of the feet of her daughter's classmate). She suffers hallucinations, pain and being haunted by Kaye's ghost, she later burns the shoes. A year later, she was seen in crutches, her leg amputated due to infection.
"Eyes" is all about Rose (Maja Salvador) and her jealous boyfriend (Rayver Cruz), who after witnessing a crime when her boyfriend kills a man during road rage, experiences a repetition/Déjà Vu of the same dreadful incident until she tells the truth. The R.I.P. tattoo on the hand was seen lighting a man's cigarette. She undoes the repetitions by killing her own fiancé, saving the victim, but being haunted (and seemingly killed) by her loved one.
Rizza (Mariel Rodriguez) is a cold mean editor. After she fires a janitor, she is then haunted. Although it is revealed to be a joke by the late night shift employee Eric (Ketchup Eusebio), later in the episode the janitor actually jumps off the building, killing himself. Once Rizza realizes the prank, she angrily shouts, "You're fired!" unaware that the real ghost is behind her inside the elevator. The episode ends with Eric finding her inside the elevator, traumatized by the ghost. She then suddenly becomes crazy. During the events wherein Mang Bong (Nanding Josef) the janitor committed suicide, the second employee that was waiting outside bought a balot which was handed to him by a man whose hand bears the R.I.P tattoo.
A circus woman (Pokwang) with an unflattering appearance uses a love potion on her love who works in the carnival's horror house. When the potion worked, unfortunately, the man got brutally stabbed to death by a crazed member of the audience. Hell ensues at the carnival as the man is turned into a zombie and chases the circus woman, killing all who tries to obstruct him. Eventually, the circus woman dies, but she managed to cut her lover's arm. It is revealed that the arm is the same arm in the first part of the movie. It is also revealed that Elvis (Zanjoe Marudo) is the one with the R.I.P. tattoo. (Arm)