Basil

Basil (Jared Leto) recalls his younger days when he and his ennobled British family live at their Cornwall estate of Windermere Hall. His father, Frederick (Derek Jacobi), is a firm believer that people should know their place in society. Clara Fairfax is an orphaned daughter of Basil's father's friend, and comes to live with Basil's family. Basil's older brother, Ralph, is, for his transgression with a local girl, banished to a distant, derelict family manor in Yorkshire. Later, Basil is home from Oxford University when he is rescued by a London merchant, John Mannion (Christian Slater). Basil comes to think of John as his mate.
While staying at his family's London home, Basil attempts to reconnect with John, and instead meets Julia Sherwin (Claire Forlani), the daughter of John's employer. Basil pursues her and she rejects him, but shortly before Basil is to come of age and inherit money and property, he secretly weds her. Julia sets her intentions on taking Windermere Hall in exchange for her affections.
Basil finds Julia in bed with John; Basil stomps on him until he cannot get up from the street. John disappears. Basil tells his father of the marriage, and is banished. Basil makes his way to his brother in Yorkshire. It is there that Basil receives a letter from John telling him of the scheme involving Julia to avenge the death of John's pregnant sister (by Ralph) after Ralph was banished years before.
Julia is at Windermere; Basil helps deliver her newborn baby. John, with his face wrapped in cloth, arrives. Julia dies. John leaves the child behind when Basil chases him towards a cliff with a zulfiqar sword. During the scuffle, John's face is revealed, and he sees his disfigured reflection in the sword; he takes his own life by falling off the seaside cliff.
Basil takes the newborn child and escapes to Ireland, naming her Clara, after his childhood friend Clara. There, Basil has returned to the storytelling that he had started when he was a youth; they come to London when the stories are to be published. Walking along a pond, Basil and Clara come upon the older Clara, who encourages Basil to make amends with his father, who is sitting nearby. The elderly Frederick explains that he loved Basil's dead mother, and that the banishments were the result of having seen mirrored in his sons his own treatment of his dead wife. Basil and Clara make London their home.