Family Viewing

Van (Tierney) frequently visits his grandmother, Armen (Keklikian) who is living in a poor quality nursing home. There, he meets Aline (Khanjian), whose mother (Sabourin) is in the bed next to Armen's. Aline's job as a phone sex worker does not pay enough to afford any better living conditions for her mother. Van and Aline get to know each other through their frequent meetings at the nursing home. Van's mother (Sarkisyan) disappeared years ago and his father, Stan (Hemblen), is reluctant to visit his mother-in-law. Stan does go to visit Armen once, but he first visits with a stranger because he does not even know what she looks like. When he finally sees Armen, she attacks him. Van tries to convince his father to allow Armen to live with them, but he refuses. Van also unsuccessfully tries to convince Sandra, Stan's live-in lover (Rose), to help him convince his father but she also refuses.
Van discovers that Stan is re-using old home movies to tape himself having sex with Sandra. Van decides to switch the tapes for blank ones to save them, bringing them to the nursing home to show to Armen. When Aline is asked by a client to travel with him to Montreal, she asks Van to look after her mother while she is away. Aline's mother, believing that Aline is deserting her, commits suicide by overdosing on her medicine. Van switches the two elderly women so it appears that his grandmother has died, then tells his father that Armen has died and holds a funeral for Aline's mother before she returns from Montreal. Van tells her what he has done and shows her a videotape of the funeral, asking her to help him to get Armen out of the nursing home. Soon both Aline and Van are working at a hotel while Armen is living with them.
Stan discovers that Van switched the tapes and wants to get them back. Van, while watching the tapes, discovers images of his mother being tied up by Stan as a part of their sexual activities. Sandra visits Van to tell him that Stan, having also seen Aline visiting what he thinks is his mother-in-law's grave, has hired a private detective (Shafer). After Stan visits Aline to confront her, Van decides he needs to move his grandmother to the hotel so she won't be discovered. With the private detective's help, Stan tracks down the room where Armen is being kept. But before he can get there, Van reports Armen as a homeless woman who has been staying in a storage area. As a result, Armen is safely moved to a new, better nursing home. In the final scene, Van and Aline visit Armen and find her sitting and talking with Van's mother - her daughter.