Hare Kanch Ki Chooriyan

Mohini (Naina Sahu) is a medical student, and lives at home with her father Kishenlal Saxena Nazir Hussain, a college Professor, and her ailing mother. Her neighbours are Bipin (Shiv Kumar) and his parents. Bipin and his friends have just returned to their town from Bombay after completing their studies. One of Bipin's friends, Ravi Mehra (Biswajeet), is the son of a wealthy businessman, Amarchand Mehra (Sapru). Ravi and Mohini meet and fall in love. Bipin also loves Mohini but has never expressed his feelings. When Ravi leaves to go abroad for further studies, he promises he will get green bangles for her, as a symbol of marriage. However, soon after he leaves, Mohini is told by their family doctor that she is pregnant. Vilified and expelled from college, her father is her only support especially since her mother dies soon after hearing the news.
Ravi's father is against Mohini and Ravi's marriage, and he creates situations where Ravi is unable to return to India for another year and a half. Mehra also insults the Professor and his daughter when they come to inform him of Mohini's pregnancy. Bipin comes forward and offers to marry Mohini, but she refuses saying she will wait for Ravi. However, instead of returning home as planned, Ravi goes to the US with his father. An angry Mohini refuses to acknowledge his letters, intending to face the situation alone. Bipin's mother Maya (Lalita Pawar), is at first horrified but soon comes round when her husband (S. N. Bannerjee) talks to her about Mohini's predicament. Maya then starts helping Mohini, first with her pregnancy and then in taking care of the infant. With Maya's acceptance, the other town people also start accepting Mohini. Ravi returns from the US, but his father creates further misunderstanding when he lies to him about Mohini giving birth to Bipin's child. Ravi's father arranges his marriage with his associate's daughter, Pushpa (Helen), who is keen to marry Ravi. During the marriage procession Ravi meets up with his child and Mohini. They clear up their misunderstandings created by his father, and preparations for Ravi and Mohini's wedding begin with the blessings Ravi's mother.