Aamayum Muyalum

In a fictitious poverty-ridden village of Gowlipady, which is virtually ruled by the ruthless Zamindari Bhandaravathi. Kashi a lottery salesman. He is the only literate person of the village. Once, a lottery sold by him happens to win the first prize of ₹5 crore, greedy Kashi tries to get back the lottery ticket but doesn't know to whom he has sold the ticket. So, he conducts a treat exclusive to all those who have bought tickets from him. To gain entrance, they need to give their tickets back. As the treat ends, all the tickets he have sold except one is collected. Later, he comes to know that the one remaining ticket, the same ticket which won the prize, sold to Anthony is still not collected.
He goes over to Anthony's home and finds him dead. While Kashi tries to make it look like a suicide, Nallavan comes to see Kashi doing so. Later, Kashi makes Nallavan agree to split the money that Anthony received after dumping Anthony's body in the nearby lake. While doing so, Kallu sees them and overhears their plan. Later, Kashi explains it all and asks him what it would take him to keep quiet. He says he isn't interested in money and instead he wants to marry Thamara who is the daughter of Nallavan. After arguing for a while, they agree to do so. While all three go over to the lake, a group of village citizens, in search of Nallavan and Kashi, finds them with the body. With a made-up story, they get away with it with luck. Later, while Kallu drives to the lake, he stumbles upon Thamara and explains the story. Meanwhile, the vehicle rolls over to the nearby forest and the dead body flies over to the top of a tree. Kallu looks for the body, and finds it missing. Next day, Kashi goes over to a phone booth to call over to the lottery office and finds out that Anthony had already called the office. Now they drop the money plan and just want to get away with the murder. Then, a few men, while passing by, tell them that Anthony is sitting on the top of a tree, but they don't realize that he is dead. Kallu and the others get the body down and go over to Anthony's house with body.
There, Anthony's sister Mary also comes to know about the story. Then Tamara tells her friend that she is going to run with Kallu. Kallu's father argues with Tamara's father that he got the money and he is rich. Then Kallu's father join their group and keeps it a secret. There is a big crowd in front of Anthony's house, and Anthony's sister is making excuses not to make them in. The crowd got in on the act. Now everybody is getting suspicious of their family. Anthony's sister finally made the agreement. Now the queen in the village is going to Anthony's house and she knows everything. Everybody is getting annoyed. They finally get the agreement to do his funeral, but not let anyone know. They are going to make an agreement. They tell Tamara's father to do the funeral and to be strong. Kashi tells the inspector the wrong way to Anthony's house. But Kashi is coming with the inspector who asked the route to Anthony's home. They meet Tamara's father and the man asks Tamara's father the route to Anthony's house, but he doesn't tell him. They finally reach a wrong house and make the child Anthony and they start arguing. They finally reach Anthony's house and Kashi tells Anthony's sister to tell the inspector that he is in the bathroom. The inspector is sneezing. Kashi sees Tamara's father. Tamara's father acts like Anthony and is yelling to Kashi like mad. They finally do Anthony's funeral. The inspector sees the funeral. They finish the funeral and everybody goes home. Now the seen is to Mayllapa and the Sikhs to hit him. Mayllapa knows about the things between the secret group and argues that he wants to marry Tamara. Kallu's marriage got fixed but Mayllappa ruined it, and the story is gone into crazy situation.