Nawab Naarkali

Appasamy (V. K. Ramasamy) is an appalam merchant with his wife Bhakyam (S.N.Parvathy). The couple don't have kids. Ravi (Jaishankar) is a law college student who can play football. He as part-time works in distributing news papers to houses and as a tutor for managing his educational and accommodation expenses. Thandavam (S. V. Sahasranamam) has a huge family with his wife (Gandhimathi), son Subbu(Nagesh) and other more 9 kids. Kanchana (Lakshmi) lives with her father Rajavelu (V. S. Raghavan) whose Manager is Nesamani Ponnaiya (A. R. Srinivasan). Rajavelu is mentally retarded person due to the reason that he has lost Rs. 2 Lakh in Kolkatta Palace Hotel which was given by Nesamani Ponnaiya. Nurse Christy (Rama Prabha) takes care of Rajavelu. One time, Subbu requests his father Thandavam to give Rs. 25 to watch an English movie but he refuses. So Subbu steals one old chair (which Thandavam says to his wife as that was Nawab's chair) and sells it in an auction shop for Rs. 25. The auction shop owner sells the chair for Rs. 250 to Appasamy by telling that because of that chair Nawab has got many kids. Appasamy brings the chair to his house. Meanwhile, Thandavam on hearing that the chair is sold to auction shop and later to Appasamy, he sends Subbu out of the house. Then Thandavam makes a plan to steal the chair from Appasamy's house. So he portrays himself as a Sadhu and tells Appasamy that in order to get a kid he should give rent to a family with 10 kids (forgetting that Subbu has gone out of his house). Ravi at this time comes to meet Thandavam for accommodation. Thandavam requests Ravi to act as his son and they all enter Appasamy house. Kanchana thinks that Ravi should have stolen that 2 lakh rupees, joins Thandavam as his sister's daughter. Kanchana then realizes that Ravi has not stolen the money. The doubt falls on Appasamy, Subbu but on inquiries it is found they are also innocent. One day Ravi sees some 3 persons trying to take the Nawab chair with the help of a signal of kerchief from the house. He decides to play a drama and tears of the chair seat from which the 2 lakh money fly. Thandavam claims it to be his money but on enquiry he says that money was given by Rajavelu. Unbelieving this Thandavam is taken to Rajavelu house. On hearing the news that money is gone, Rajavelu becomes mad really who was acting till days. Ravi then decides to give the money to government as it is a black money. Appasamy about to throw out Thandavam and his family but on hearing that his wife is pregnant, he changes his mind and requests everyone to stay with him.