Darling

Kathir,Nisha and Kumaran plan to commit suicide together because they feel like failures. However, they want to fulfill their last wishes before doing so. Nisha wants to steal a new car, and Kathir wants to slap the local MLA in his own house.
After Nisha and Kathir fulfill their last wishes, the trio escapes from the police and flees to a nearby resort. There, they find Athisaya Raj, who also wishes to commit suicide, and he joins them as they travel to a farmhouse. Once they arrive, Kumaran and Nisha plan to postpone their suicides for three days in order to prevent Kathir's suicide, as Nisha has fallen in love with him.
Their plan succeeds, and in those three days, the four get close to each other. Kathir develops feelings for Nisha, but hesitates to tell her in fear of humiliation. At the end of the third day, Kumaran asks Nisha to kiss Kathir to divert him from suicide. He meanwhile requests that Kathir kisses Nisha, telling him that Nisha wants to experience her first kiss before dying. Kathir accepts, with shame and shyness.
As Kathir tries to kiss Nisha, a ghost enters her body, forcing Kathir away. Flabbergasted, Kathir runs out of the room. Whenever Nisha reveals her feelings to Kathir and he responds by hugging or touching her, the ghost enters her body and scares Kathir away. Unaware of the ghost, Nisha grows depressed.
When Kumaran hears Kathir describing Nisha as a ghost, he rushes to Nisha's room to scold her and tell her to apologize to Kathir, only for the ghost to enter her body and thrash him. That night, Raj too experiences the ghost's fury at its villainous worst. The trio decides to distance themselves from Nisha and to always stay together.
The next morning, they try to get the ghost to leave Nisha's body, and call upon Ghost Gopal Varma, an exorcist. However, the ghost thrashes him as well. Afterwards, Kathir brings up the courage to ask the ghost why she is taking vengeance on them, and the ghost narrates her story to the trio. She is Shruthi, and she came to the same farmhouse with her newlywed husband, Shiva. Five men entered the farmhouse and raped her before killing the two of them.
Kathir is emotionally touched, but before he could help the ghost, Nisha, deducing the presence of the ghost from the avoidance of the other three, slit her wrist to make Kathir get rid of Shruthi. Kathir, seeing this, brought her out of the house to get her to the hospital, but he is interrupted by the five men who raped Shruthi. Kathir put up a fight, but in vain. Shruthi, unable to use her powers due to the slit wrist, calls for her husband, who possesses Kathir and fights the five men.
The film ends with Kathir and Nisha hugging in the kitchen. The glass door shows Shruti and Shiva reflection, showing that their ghosts are still inside the house.