Manamantha

Manamantha follows the lives of 4 people from different paths and ambitions. The first person is shown to be Sai Rao (Mohanlal), who is the Assistant Manager of Vijetha Super Market in the Bheemili City of Vishakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh. He lives with his uncle Sadha Shivam Reddy alias Babai (Chandra Mohan). He is always appreciated by his Manager Venkat (Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao) for his innovative ideas. But Vishwanath (Harsha Vardhan) always feels jealous of him. The next person is shown to be Mahitha (Raina Rao), a school graduating girl who has Bhushan (Vennela Kishore) as class teacher and Raghavendra Rao Sharma (Nassar) as principal. She is a Hyderabad-based girl. She hangs out with number of friends. The third person is shown to be Abhiram (Viswant Duddumpudi), who is a Computer-Engineer from Nanakramguda background, which is an IT area. He loves his friends and his lover Aira (Anisha Ambrose), who too falls in love with him for his good attitude towards humans. The last person is shown to be Gayathri (Gautami), who is a house wife from Koti and lives with Lakshmi (Urvashi), her neighbour. She always finds it difficult to run life as she has no enough money for her family. But she is always energized by her old professor (Gollapudi Maruti Rao) and she has a great respect for him. One day, Sai Rao meets Dass (P. Ravi Shankar), a local moneylender and befriends him to teach his co-worker Vishwanath a lesson. He is soon promoted as the Manager of the Super Market for his new innovative ideas. And Venkat feels happy for him. To celebrate his success, Sai Rao and his uncle go for a tour to Hyderabad and they drink in a bar. He soon receives a phone call from Vishwanath's daughter, sighting that he is missing since two days. Then, he confronts Dass and learns that he had kidnapped him for more money. Sai Rao feels guilty for his action and decides to find Vishwanath. Meanwhile, Abhiram-Aira's friendship developes and they are always seen together. As Vishwanath is missing, Mahitha is involved in the case but is protected by the Local Police Inspector (Brahmaji). He warns Bhushan to take care of Mahitha as she is put in danger. Bhushan agrees too. Gayathri is offered a job by her professor in Singapore but she denies sighting that she always wants to take care of her family. Sai Rao is blackmailed by Dass for finding Vishwanath. But later, he is shown to be dead owing to Smoking Habits. Hence, he decides to surrender himself to the Hyderabad Police. Mahitha is consoled by an astrologer from Nanakram Guda (L. B. Sriram), who knows her problems. As the days pass by, Abhiram is unfortunately betrayed by Aira, who says to him that money is more important for her rather than him. Gayathri is accused of Stealing jewels from a jewelery shop and Mahitha decides to go away as she is unable to find her family. The four decide to commit suicide and in the process, it is revealed to the audience that Sai Rao, Gayathri, Abhiram and Mahitha are actually from the same family. Gayathri is Sai Rao's wife, and Abhiram and Mahitha are his Children. In the process of finding Vishwanath, the four reconcile and fortunately Vishwanath is also saved by Sai Rao. The film thus ends with a happy note with the four taking a Selfie for their reconciliation party.