Belladonna of Sadness

Jeanne and Jean are happy newlyweds in a rural village in France during the Medieval Period. Their idyll is promptly shattered when Jeanne, on her wedding night, is raped in a ritual deflowering by the local baron and his courtiers. She returns to Jean terrified and in pain, and he calms her, saying, "Let us forget everything in the past". She begins to see visions of a phallic-headed spirit encouraging her to take revenge on the baron; meanwhile, the couple's fortunes rise even as famine strikes the village and the baron raises taxes to fund his war effort. Jean is made tax collector, and the baron cuts off his hand as punishment when he cannot extract enough money from the village. After another visit from the spirit, Jeanne takes out a large loan from an usurer and sets herself up in the same trade, eventually parlaying it into becoming the true power in the village.
Then the baron returns victorious from his war, and his wife, envious of the respect and admiration accorded Jeanne, calls her a witch and has her driven out. Jeanne first tries to return to the home she shares with Jean, but he refuses to open the door for her and she flees into the forest nearby where she finally makes a pact with the spirit, who reveals himself to be the Devil. She is granted considerable magical powers, and returns to find the village has been been infected with the bubonic plague. Jeanne uses her powers to create a cure for the disease and wins the villagers' favor with her magic, presiding over orgiastic rites among the villagers. A page, who is in love with the baron's wife, begs Jeanne to help him seduce her. She gives him a potion that causes the baron's wife to accept his advances, but the baron catches his wife sleeping with the page and kills them both.
Perturbed by Jeanne's power, the baron sends Jean to invite her to a meeting, which Jeanne accepts. In exchange for sharing her cure for the plague, the baron offers to make Jeanne the second-highest noble in the land, but refuses, saying that she wishes to rule the entire world. The baron has Jeanne burnt at the stake, but as the film ends we see the faces of the villagers all transform into Jeanne's face, mimicking a priest's warning earlier in the film that, if a witch is burnt while her pride is intact, her soul will survive to influence everyone around her.