Kadhal Sadugudu

The film starts off by showing Chithambaram (Prakash Raj), and how he's an important man in the village. He is an adamant character who always sticks on to his decisions. When the temple festival starts, Kausalya (Priyanka Trivedi) goes to her grandfather's house to celebrate. There she meets Suresh (Vikram), and they fall in love. Meanwhile, Chithambaram gets into many conflicts with Suresh, not even knowing who the other was. All the things that Suresh did were unintentional, but Chithambaram doesn't realize this. Therefore, Chithambaram ends up with a very negative opinion of Suresh. One day, everyone in Kausalya's grandfather's home find out that Suresh and Kausalya are in love by seeing Suresh pressing Kausalya's sweating navel, thereby tasting her lips, and she is unable to stop him as she has applied mehandi on her hands. On seeing this they try to get Chithambaram (Kausalya's father) to agree to the wedding. He, however stubbornly sticks to his decision that the marriage should not take place.
Finally, Suresh asks him what would make him happy. Chithambaram says that he would be happy if Suresh dies. Realizing arguing further would be futile, Suresh decides to go back to Madras. Meanwhile, while Kausalya washes her clothes, Ilavarasu gets attracted towards her physique, and she is being molested by him. She somehow manages to escape and reports it to her father, but she feels she is insecure and needs a companion. Kausalya tries to join him at the railway station to go with him, but Suresh refuses saying "If I marry you, it will be with your father's permission and acceptance," so at that time Chithambaram had arrived at the station to prevent his daughter from eloping with Suresh to Madras. He hears this conversation and now after this incident Chithambaram realizes how good Suresh is so finally decides to accept Suresh as his daughter's love, and fiancé. Suresh, seeing that Chithambaram is no longer withholding consent for their match, also agrees.