Chakrapani

Chakrapani (CSR) the world and his family may call him a miser, he has one goal in life – to save one lakh rupees by cutting down on whatever expenses he feels are avoidable. After his son’s death, he takes care of his daughter-in-law Visalakshamma (Venkumamba), grandson Jagannadham (Chandrasekhar), grand daughters Santha (T.G. Kamaladevi), Malati (Bhanumathi), and Revathy (Leelakumari). Among them Malati is the naughtiest and plays pranks on her grandfather, taking digs at his miserly ways. She instigates her brother to pick up a row with the old man, which leads to Jagannath's exit from the house. Not willing to spend much money on his granddaughters’ weddings, Chakrapani gets an elderly widower Ananda Rao (Ramana Reddy) for Santha and a dumb fellow for Malati. On the day of the marriage, Malati leaves home and boards a train while the meek Santha marries Ananda Rao and takes her younger sister Revathy along with her. In the train, Malati meets a considerate couple, Mukunda Rao (Dr. Sivaramakrishnaiah), a veterinary doctor, and his wife Usha (Chayadevi). They take her home and Usha's brother Venkatachalam (ANR) falls in love with her. Malati agrees to marry him and the wedding is performed. Mukunda Rao gets the transfer and leaves the town. Malati lets a portion of the house to Manorama (Suryakantham). Venkatachalam joins an insurance company which requires him to travel frequently.
Meanwhile, Chakrapani reaches his target of saving one lakh rupees and decides to give it to his great grandson. Revathy conveys this to Malati and also informs her that Santha is pregnant. Ananda Rao hopes that she will deliver a boy, but Santha gives birth to a girl. On the advice of Manorama (Suryakantham), Malati, in order to get hold of the property, writes to her grandfather that she has delivered a boy. Chakrapani arrives to see the child. Chalam was on an official tour at that time. Manorama brings a child from the opposite house and the boy was shown to Chakrapani as Malati’s son. To bring authenticity to the drama, Manorama’s brother Saradhi (Amarnath) is made to act as Malati’s husband, Chalam. On the same day, Chalam too returns from his tour and was introduced to Chakrapani as the cook. And from there on the story takes a number of comic twists and turns and ultimately Chakrapani is elated that the money is going to the rightful heir- his great-grandson, who happens to be none other than the son of his estranged grandson, Jagannatham. But Jagannadham declares that women have equal rights to property and that he will share the money with his sisters.