Minnale

The movie opens in an engineering college in Ooty with a narration by Rajesh Shivkumar (R. Madhavan). Rajiv Samuel (Abbas) is a computer engineering student and is one of the top students in the college, whereas Rajesh is a mechanical engineering student who is the bad guy of the college. A mutual problem between the two groups led by both Rajiv and Rajesh puts both of them at loggerheads and they pull pranks on each other to get the other in trouble. It culminates into a fist fight but is soon broken up by one of their Teacher and the security of the college. In the fight, Rajesh punches Rajiv in the face, which is against the rule, and They graduate from the college soon and promise to not see each other ever again. Rajiv goes abroad for job, while Rajesh stays back in India saying that he does not want to leave his motherland.
A few years later, Rajesh becomes responsible and settles in an IT job that involves teaching software classes for newcomers and interns. Rajesh lives with his librarian grandfather Subrahmanyam aka Subbuni (Nagesh), who means the world to him; he even turns down a very lucrative job assignment in Singapore to be with his grandfather. Rajesh, on a trip to a friend’s wedding in Bangalore, comes across Reena (Reema Sen), an upper class Christian girl (the Syrian Christians ) and is smitten by her beauty but does not get to meet her. To his pleasant surprise, he sees her again in Chennai, but is again unable to meet her.
A friend of Rajesh, Chockalingam (Vivek), spots Reena’s friend Vasuki in a market one day and recognizes her from the wedding pictures. They both extract information about Reena's whereabouts from Vasuki, posing as her family friend. Though they get Reena's phone number, Rajesh is disappointed when he learns that Reena is engaged and is about to marry soon a guy called Rajiv, whom Reena has only talked to on the phone but is yet to meet. Goaded by his Subbuni and his friends, Rajesh decides to enter Reena’s life pretending to be Rajiv. Within a few days of hanging out with each other, both fall in love with each other. Before Rajesh could actually tell Reena the truth, the real Rajiv comes to Chennai and both their families get-together. Reena is shocked to learn that the person she loves is an imposter.
Rajesh comes clean with Reena and pleads to be forgiven, but Reena is adamant that she does not want to talk to Rajesh anymore and asks him to forget her. Chockalingam takes his friends and Rajesh to meet Rajiv to force him to break up the engagement with Reena. They are surprised when they learn that Rajiv is actually Rajiv Samuel, Rajesh's foe from his college days. Rajiv becomes enraged when he learns the truth, but believes that Reena was duped and refuses to break up the engagement. After repeated attempts to talk to Reena fail and when Rajiv and Reena’s wedding is fixed, Rajesh sadly accepts the bitter truth.
Heartbroken and unable to live in the city anymore, he plans to leave. Reena finally realizes that even though she was duped by Rajesh, she had indeed fallen in love with him. Rajiv senses this on the eve of their wedding. Just before Rajesh boards his flight, Rajiv appears and says that they are still bitter enemies but he does not want to marry a girl who loves someone else. Both Reena and Rajesh embrace each other and the movie ends.