Godfather

Shivasagar (Upendra), a wheelchair user, has a son, Vijay (also Upendra) who is playful and irresponsible. To teach him a lesson, he sends Vijay to Bhamapura to help the poor. Vijay doesn't want to go, but a local pizza restaurateur convinces Vijay and his friends that the village is one big brothel. In reality, Bhamapura is a sacred village and the restaurateur had purposefully deceived Vijay and his friends. Divya (Soundarya Jayamala) and her classmates also visit the village. They come for their social activity course to improve the village's health and hygiene. A large building is reserved for him and the girls are asked to stay in the poor families' houses. Vijay and his friends arrive and start to woo the girls, whom they mistake for Bhamapura's prostitutes. When Divya discovers their plan, she and her friends decide to teach Vijay and his friends a lesson.
Vijay and his friends are wooed by Divya and the other girls. They are led to separate rooms where the girls inject a serum that makes them itch all over. They leave, screaming and scratching. Vijay tells Divya to leave her profession and offers to save her honour by marrying her in the village temple the next day. Divya doesn't come, but Vijay and his friends happen to see her leaving on a bus bearing the name of the girls' college, revealing that they have been duped. When Vijay returns home, Shivsagar discovers that his son has fallen in love. With his influence, Vijay and Divya get engaged. Later, Vijay goes to Divya's house in a drunken state. Her family prevent him from talking to her. This eventually leads to a fight. Vijay then goes to Divya's cousin's house to meet Divya and apologise for his behaviour but suddenly attempts to rape Divya's cousin. Then on the same day at night, Vijay tries to kill Shivasagar, but is luckily stopped by Ko Thanda (Ramesh Bhat) and is stabbed by Vijay. Disappointed with Vijay's behaviour, Shivasagar sends Vijay to a therapist.
Here enters Ajay (Upendra's third role), Vijay's twin. Assuming Vijay's identity, he had taken money from the bank, got drunk and went to Divya's place and attempted to rape Divya's cousin. Ajay hates Shivasagar for leaving him and his mentally-challenged mother (Catherine Tresa). Later, Divya manages to sneak into Vijay's room in the hospital and believes his explanation that he is innocent. She leaves and shortly afterwards, Ajay appears, smuggles and dumps Vijay out of the hospital, takes over his identity and goes to kill Shivasagar. The father notices that it's not his son and gets out of his wheelchair to defend himself. Vijay arrives at the scene, surprised that his father is able to walk and demands an explanation.
Shivasagar tells him that he was a dancer who behaved effeminately due to dancing. His mother had arranged for Shivasagar to marry her friend's daughter (Ajay's mother). He agreed but the girl rejected Shivasagar for being too feminine and insults him in front of the wedding crowd. Unable to bear the embarrassment, Shivasagar's mother died on the spot. Shivasagar, enraged, raped the girl, a deed that resulted in her becoming pregnant. The doctor refused to give her an abortion and so Vijay was born. Shivasagar takes his child from her mother saying the child would be the only hope of his life. Shivasagar says he is ignorant of Ajay's existence and the reason for his resemblance to them.
Ajay escapes and threatens Vijay and Divya's wedding. Shivasagar attempts to stop him when Ajay's grandmother arrives and explains that Ajay is also Shivasagar's son and Vijay's twin and that Ajay's mother went mad when Ajay was about to get hit by a lorry. Ajay realises his mistake. He wants Shivasagar to shoot him, but the police misunderstand and think that Ajay is pointing a gun at Shivasagar and they fire at Ajay. Shivasagar intervenes and is shot instead. Ajay accepts Shivasagar's apology and is then arrested. Ajay's mother does not accept food from anyone, until Vijay comes dressed up as Ajay and feeds her. The film ends with Vijay stating that Shivasagar is the godfather of the family.