Businessman

Mumbai Police commissioner Ajay Bhardwaj announces the end of the "Mafia Raj" in the city, to try to bring peace to the city's streets. However, a ruthless south Indian named Vijay Surya comes to the city, aspiring to be the most powerful Mafia Don there. Staying in Dharavi with his friend, he is introduced to a local politician Laalu, who is in trouble and offers him help. He recruits a portion of the gangsters and criminals living in Mumbai led by Naseer to work under him. Surya's henchman Shakeel manages to kill a witness of Laalu's crimes in the jail where he is kept in, winning Laalu's friendship.
After this, Surya promises to clear the debts of Dharavi locals so that their houses will not be repossessed. His men rob the original copies of the loan documents in the local branch of Bank of Maharashtra and destroy the bank records. Surya slowly becomes both popular and feared as an extortionist, while Dharavi locals praise him as their saviour. Surya is aware of Bhardwaj's intentions. To safeguard himself, he traps Bhardwaj's daughter Chitra, a keen painter, by posing as a NRI businessman interested in arts. They both fall in love. However, by the time Surya realises that he truly loves her, Bhardwaj has exposed Surya's real nature to Chitra which makes her hate him. Surya is immediately arrested.
Surya is released after manipulating Bhardwaj by having his associates kidnap Chitra. He promises to leave crime behind him and asks Bhardwaj for permission to marry Chitra. When they refuse his proposal, he insists to Bhardwaj that he will set up a business which is untouchable by the police, and will eventually marry Chitra. Surya sets up a company named "Surya Exports & Imports" as a front for the organised crime that they indulge in. He plans to grow his organised crime network all over India and begins to set up branch offices for "Surya Exports & Imports" in all major cities, towns and villages all over India. He recruits local gangsters for staff and begins to forcibly collect a two percent tax on every contract made in that area. Surya amasses a huge fortune, making him a billionaire, and during the inauguration of his "Business Bank", he reveals his thirst for power to Bhardwaj. He claims that the crime rate dropped significantly after he started to recruit all the gangsters. He also states that he wants to rid India of crime and help the needy.
Next, Surya helps Laalu to become the Mayor of Mumbai by defeating Arun Ghokle, endorsed by Ghanapuleti Jai Dev, a powerful national politician who wants to become the new prime minister of India in the upcoming elections. Ghokle then reveals Jai Dev's illegal activities to Bhardwaj, after which he is killed by Jai Dev. After the meeting, Surya comes to know that Jai Dev is planning to kill Bhardwaj and Chitra. He reaches Chitra's house and saves her but fails to save Bhardwaj. Chitra is devastated and Surya reveals to her that he was an American-born Indian who lost his philanthropist NRI father and mother at an early age; they were cheated and killed by Jai Dev. This incident and the peoples' attitudes towards orphans while growing up made him hate that society.
Surya shifts his attention towards the upcoming Indian parliament elections and meets Guru Govind Patel, the head of the opposition party through Laalu. He makes a deal with him, offering ₹350 billion for election campaigning and also promises him that he would make him the prime minister of India. Surya spends millions on every constituency in India, making Jai Dev unable to contest in the elections by revealing his illegal affairs. Jai Dev kidnaps Chitra to seek revenge on Surya, who fights with Jai Dev's henchmen. He is injured, but eventually kills Jai Dev, saving Chitra and proposing to her for the last time. It is revealed at the end that Surya successfully installed Guru Govind Patel as the Prime Minister of India.
Surya is last seen recuperating in a hospital in the company of Chitra, who accepts his proposal.