Manmadhudu

Abhiram (Nagarjuna Akkineni) 24 is a manager in an ad agency, owned by his paternal uncle Prasad (Tanikella Bharani)42. He despises women and expresses his hatred every minute of every day. But his office is populated by women as it is an ad agency and he has to live with it. Prasad appoints Harika (Sonali Bendre) 21 as the new assistant manager and Abhiram hates to have another female employee in his office. He never leaves an opportunity to belittle her and gradually Harika gets fed up and goes to Chairman Prasad to submit her resignation. Prasad asks her to think about it twice and tells her about Abhiram's past and why he deeply hates women.
Abhi lost his parents when he was too young and his grandfather (M. Balaiah) brings him up. He was the only heir to their family business and enjoys life in his own way. He meets and falls in love with Maheswari (Anshu)21, who is the niece of an employee (Chandra Mohan) 51 in Abhi's grandfather's company. Alarmed that he will just play with her and leave her, Maheshwari's uncle takes her away to his hometown and arranges her engagement with another man. Abhi goes there and tries to bring Maheswari with him assuring her uncle that he is going to marry her. But on the way to his grandfather's home, they meet with a serious accident. When Abhi returns to his consciousness, his grandfather tells him that Maheswari married another person and shows him the invitation card. Abhi feels cheated and starts to hate all the women and thinks that they all are superficial and treacherous.
After listening to this, Harika feels sympathy towards Abhi's pain and his child like mind. She decides to stay with the company and Prasad promotes her as manager and demotes Abhi as assistant manager for some time. Though infuriated, Abhi has no choice but stay and goes with her to Paris on a business trip. There they become close and Harika helps him with his phobia of water. Abhi starts to fall for Harika but is disappointed and distances himself from her when she reveals that she is engaged to be married.
After they come back to India, Abhi behaves in a childish manner to get over his disappointment. Harika reciprocates his feelings but is confused about getting married as Abhi won't express his feelings. Meanwhile, Abhi's aunt (Sudha) reveals that Maheswari actually died in the accident they were in and they hid that information fearing that Abhi might not come out of the shock of that news. Abhi realizes it was foolish of him to hate women but is too shocked to express his feelings to Harika. At last Harika dares and tells him that this marriage was her parents choice not hers, indirectly indicating that she was ready to come to him if he asks. Prasad comes to know that Abhi and Harika have feelings for each other and encourages Abhi to go and get her. Finally he asks her to marry him and she breaks her previous engagement and marries him.