Detective Conan: Magician of the Silver Sky

A stage actress, Julie wants to use her star sapphire for her upcoming play and asks for Mouri Kogoro help to protect it after showing Kogoro a letter from the Kaito Kid. On the day of the theft, Kid appears at the theatre disguised up as Shinichi Kudo but ends up fleeing in the end without the jewel. To thank them, Julie invites Kogoro and everyone to Hakodate, and they all travel on an airplane to get there. In the air, one of the show actor, Shinjo, who was supposed to be elsewhere and Ran's mother, Eri, joins them on the plane. As the plane takes off, Julie comes in physical contact with most of the individuals she invited, making them all suspects in the case of her death. The case was solved by Eri and the culprit was later found to be the makeup artist, Natsuki.
The captains were also poisoned from Julie and were not able to pilot the plane, so Shinjo agrees to take over because he supposedly "took courses", and appoints Conan to assist him. Conan figures out that Shinjo is Kaito Kid when Conan is asked to assist, as this logic would not apply in a similar situation. Kid tells Conan that he is no longer interested in the sapphire as he discovered that it was a fake. The storm and fire at the airport make it impossible to land while the plane fuel is running low. Conan picks a stable area that can support a commercial plane. Ran Mori and Sonoko Suzuki eventually take over piloting the plane while Kid escapes by jumping off the plane and Conan has to "go to the bathroom." Conan then switches over to Shinichi's voice and guides Ran for landing the plane. During the flight, Ran mentions how Shinichi is like an eclipse; one moment he's there, the other he's not. When the plane lands, Ran tells Shinichi that she loves him, but ends the moment by telling him that she suddenly sees lights at the site.
It turns out that Kid went near a police station and used police cars (because this policeman is obsessed with catching him) as guiding lights to land the plane. After the plane safely lands, the criminal is apprehended and Ran and Sonoko are treated by a medic. The medic reveals himself to be Kaito Kid, who commends Ran for landing the plane safely. He tells her they will meet again before suddenly vanishing. All went well, and the movie ends with Ran talking to Shinichi over the phone again arguing about silly things, thinking that it was Kid who guided her to land the plane, and is relieved that her secret isn't out.