Mountains May Depart

The film has three parts, set in 1999, 2014 and in Australia in the year 2025, respectively.[8]
The first part, set in 1999, focuses on twenty five year old Tao (Zhao Tao) who works as a shopkeeper in the small town of Fenyang as she is caught between two possible suitors. The first being being Jingsheng (Zhang Yi), a wealthy gas station owner who she feels little connection with but understands the ability he has to change her life. The second is Liang ( Liang Jingdon), a poor laborer who Tao feels more closely connected to. Eventually confronted by both Liang and Jingsheng, Tao makes the decision to marry Jingsheng in the hope of leaving Fenyang.
The second part, set in 2014, focuses on all three characters from before. Tao, who is now divorced from Jingsheng and still lives in Fenyang. Jingsheng who is now remarried and lives in Shanghai and has become wealthy from investments. Liang, who has moved away from Fenyang and is now a welder in a neighboring city. Most of this second act focuses on Tao and Jingsheng's son, who is named Dollar, who goes to visit Tao in Fenyang. Dollar wishes he could stay with his Tao, instead of with his step-mom and father who he has grown to dislike. Tao compromises with Dollar and instead of sending him in a plane back to Shanghai, they take the slow train together so she can spend more time with him. As a parting gift, Tao makes Dollar a set of keys for her house so that he can return home whenever he wants.
The third part, set in 2025, focuses on Dollar in a futuristic Australia as he attends college. Still fighting with his father, Dollar wants to drop out of college and have the freedom he was never granted in his childhood. While enrolled in College he meets Mia, an older women who he begins to develop feelings for and eventually begins a relationship with. Dollar shares with Mia how he still carries the keys his mom gave to him when he was young and how he fears she may die even though they have not talked in years. Mia convinces him to fly back to China with her so that he can see Tao. The film ends with Tao dancing to "Go West" and the viewer is never made aware if Dollar and Mia made it to see Tao.[9]