Exam

The film is set in an alternate history, present-time United Kingdom. Eight candidates dress for what appears to be an employment assessment exam, entering a room and sitting at individual desks. Each desk contains a question paper with the word "candidate", followed by a number, from one to eight. The Invigilator, a representative of the company named DATAPREV, explains that the exam is 80 minutes and consists of only one question, but there are three rules. The candidates must not: talk to the Invigilator or the armed guard at the door, spoil their paper, or leave the room. If they do, they will be disqualified. He asks them if they have any questions, and then leaves the room.
As the exam starts, it turns out that their papers are blank with no question stated. Within minutes, the Chinese candidate is disqualified for spoiling her paper by writing on it. After her ejection, the seven remaining candidates realize it is permissible to talk and collaborate since it was not forbidden by the rules. "White," assigns nicknames based on hair color and skin color: Black, White, Brown, Blonde, Brunette, and Dark, and Deaf for the one candidate who does not speak or respond to the group. The few times Deaf communicates, it's in French and is confusing to the other members of the group. In the next proceeding hour, the candidates use the lights, their bodily fluids, and fire sprinklers in attempts to reveal hidden text on their papers to no avail. The group members speculate about the purpose of the exam and the nature of the company whose identity is shrouded in mystery. Dark pipes up by saying that the CEO is highly secretive and has not been seen since the IPO. Slowly, it is revealed that this company is responsible for a miracle drug designed to treat a condition that afflicts a large part of the population due to a viral pandemic. In the chaos, White takes control of the group and engineers the disqualifications of Brunette and Deaf for spoiled papers.
White then taunts the others, saying he has figured out the question but will not tell them. Black punches White in the face, knocking him unconscious and ties him to a chair. As White passes out, he pleads for his medication, implying he has the virus, but some of them do not believe him. Brown then turns his attention to Dark, who demonstrates a lot of knowledge about the internal workings of the company, and eventually tortures her into revealing that she works for the company. It is revealed that Brown is a carrier of the disease. White then goes into convulsions, proving he has the disease. Dark pleads to the Invigilator for help and is disqualified.
Blonde retrieves the medication for White, which was stolen from him earlier by Brown, reviving him. The others release him, demanding to know the question. White suggests that there is no question and the company is going to hire the last remaining candidate. Black steals the guard's gun, but it requires the guard's fingerprint ID, giving White time to retrieve it. White forces Brown to leave the room at gunpoint, disqualifying him. He forces Blonde to leave; as she exits the room she turns off the voice-activated lights, allowing Black to attack White.
The lights come back on after Black is struck by a gunshot. Blonde is hiding in the hallway, still holding one foot inside the room, technically not having left the room. Before White can kill her, the exam timer runs to zero. White then addresses the Invigilator, sure of his success, but he is disqualified. It is revealed that Deaf had earlier set the countdown forward by a few minutes. Blonde then remembers that Deaf had been using glasses and a piece of broken glass with an exam paper earlier. Taking the abandoned glasses, she finds the phrase "Question 1." on the exam paper in minuscule writing.
Blonde then realizes that Question 1 refers to the only question asked of the group by the Invigilator at the beginning of the test ("Any questions?"). She answers "No." The Invigilator then enters and reveals that Deaf is actually the CEO of the company and a scientist rather than a businessman or administrator. Deaf's research had found the virus cure, but also discovered a method of rapid cell regeneration which is capable of curing both the virus and many other "stubborn mutations", literally "the gift of life" for millions of people. The bullet that hit Black contained this cure, and he awakens healed. With the desperate need for the drug and a limited supply at any one time, the company needed an administrator capable of making tough decisions with an attention to detail while showing compassion for her fellow man, all traits that Blonde had displayed during the exam. Blonde eagerly accepts her new job.