The Strange Love of Martha Ivers

On a rainy night in 1928 in a Pennsylvania factory town called Iverstown, thirteen-year-old Martha Ivers tries to run away from the guardianship of her wealthy, domineering Aunt, Mrs. Ivers, with her friend, the street-smart, poor Sam Masterson. She is caught and brought home where Martha's tutor, Walter O'Neil, presents his timid son, Walter Jr., as the one responsible for Martha's recovery. Scolded by her aunt, Martha defiantly states her name is not Ivers, but Smith, her father's name.
During a power failure caused by the rain, Sam comes for her, but Martha's aunt hears her calling to him from downstairs. While Sam slips out unnoticed, Mrs. Ivers starts beating Martha's kitten with her cane. Martha wrestles it away from her and strikes her across the head, causing her to fall down the staircase and die. When the power comes back on, Martha lies about the incident to Walter. Walter Jr. saw everything, and backs her up. The greedy Walter, makes it clear to both Walter Jr. and Martha that he knows what happened but that as long as he and his son stand to benefit, he will play along. In the meantime, Sam has hopped a freight train headed out of town.
In 1946, the elder Walter is now dead. Walter Jr. is now Iverstown's district attorney and is married to Martha, who has used her inheritance to expand the Ivers' milling empire, and her influence to get Walter elected as governor of Pennsylvania. Their marriage is one-sided; he loves her, but Walter knows that she does not love him.
Sam, now a former soldier and itinerant gambler, drives into the small town by chance and after an accident, leaves his car to be repaired. While waiting, he goes to look at his old home, now a boarding house. He meets Antonia "Toni" Marachek, who has just been released from jail. She is later picked up for violating her probation by not returning to her hometown. Sam goes to see Walter to see if he can use his influence to get her released.
Walter is convinced Sam has blackmail in mind, and in the meantime Sam learns that Walter's father presented Martha's version of the 1928 accidental murder to the police: that an intruder murdered Martha's aunt; and that with his leverage he made Martha marry his son. When the police identified a former employee of the aunt as the murderer, the two Walter's and Martha helped convict him, and he was hanged for a crime he didn't commit.
When Martha reacts with joy at seeing Sam, Walter also becomes jealous. Walter forces Toni to set Sam up. Sam is beaten up and driven out of town, but he is too tough to be intimidated. When all else fails, Walter makes a halfhearted attempt to kill Sam himself, but is easily disarmed. Martha then inadvertently blurts out the couple's fears of blackmail, only to learn that Sam did not witness the death. Martha breaks down and laments that he left without her all those years ago, taking with him her only chance for love and freedom.
Sam is torn between his old love and his new one with Toni. Although he eventually forgives Toni for betraying him, he and Martha spend an idyllic day together, rekindling his feelings for her.
Walter arranges to meet Sam to finally settle matters. Before Sam arrives, Walter gets drunk and Martha finds out about the meeting. When Walter falls down the stairs, Martha urges Sam to kill her unconscious husband. Sam instead brings Walter around. Martha pulls out a gun and threatens to shoot Sam in "self defense" as an intruder. Sam tells her it would work, if she can get Walter to corroborate her story. Sam turns his back on her and leaves.
Walter embraces and kisses Martha; then he points the gun at her midriff. Oddly relieved, she puts her hand over his hand on the trigger and presses. As she is dying, she defiantly states her name is not Martha Ivers, but Martha Smith, her deceased father's name. Outside, Sam hears the shot. He runs back toward the mansion, but sees Walter, holding Martha's body, shoot himself. Sam and Toni drive away together.