Himanshu Brahmbhatt

Uday Singh Rathod (Irrfan Khan) is a law-abiding police officer, famous for his extraordinary investigations, but is experiencing insomnia. When Maya Solomon (Ilene Hamann), a famous model is murdered, Rathod is given the custody of the case and he is asked to solve it within a week by the Dy Commissioner Kumar (Denzil Smith). Three people are shortlisted as prime suspects; Harsh (Suhel Seth), a famous journalist, Ali (Himanshu Malik), a millionaire and Shyamoli (Shyamoli Verma), Ali's partner.
When investigation begins, Harsh offers his help to Rathod in hunting down the murderer, while drawing his attention to the fact that Maya was about to get married to Ali, but because Ali was a womanizer, he couldn't keep up with one woman. So he, together with Shyamoli, killed Maya. Rathod theorizes on these lines and goes to Ali's house with Harsh.
He questions Ali and reaches Maya's house to gather further evidences on the case. While leading the investigations and running through the past of Maya, Rathod starts to fall in love with the image of the dead woman. One night, to his shock, as he is gathering evidences in her house, Maya appears suddenly. This leaves Rathod confused as to whose dead body was found in the house and who is the killer.
All this while, Maya's simplicity and subtle beauty keeps drawing Rathod towards her. He interrogates Maya whereupon she reveals that before the night of murder, she left for two days on a holiday. By using duplicate keys, Ali meanwhile brought another girl Neena in Maya's house to have some fun. Neena was killed, but Ali wasn't involved in the killing. Rathod tells Maya that for the lack of evidences, all suspicions go on her and that she would be prosecuted for the crime. Rathod calms for a second and tells Maya that regardless of everyone's opinion, he thinks that she is innocent. He advises her to flee, saying that he can make all arrangements. She refuses to go.
Maya, seeing this helping hand and faith in the heart of an unknown person, starts falling in love with Rathod. They both get out of the interrogation room and spend the night together. In the morning, Rathod visits Maya's house one last time to recover the weapon used in the killing, believing that if it is found, things would get clear. He is able to find the weapon and then he suddenly realizes, who is the actual murderer. He goes back to the house, only to find Harsh already there trying to kill Maya. After some resistance, Rathod gets hold of Harsh and keeps him immersed in the bath-tub. However, Harsh, in a last bid attempt, leaps out of the bath-tub and flashes the knife at Rathod. Harsh is shot dead from behind by Maya.
Later it is revealed that Maya was afraid of her beauty because everyone used to insanely approach her. She was looking for trust and faith. When she met Harsh, he offered her his riches, but couldn't offer faith. She got destitute and started having an affair with Ali, who in turn was also unfaithful. Things kept on going and she was about to get married to Ali, when Harsh got into their plans and tried killing Maya, but ended up killing the other girl Neena who was with Ali that night at Maya's place.
At the end, Rathod is being shown congratulated by fellow policemen, as he gazes into the eyes of Maya.[1]