Corporate

Corporate centers around the power games between two industrialists, The Sehgal Group of Industries (SGI) owned by Vinay Sehgal (Rajat Kapoor) and the Marwah Group of Industries (MGI) owned by Dharmesh Marwah (Raj Babbar). The two companies are traditional rivals in the food & beverages products business. Bipasha Basu plays Nishigandha Dasgupta aka Nishi, vice president of SGI, while Vinay Sehgal's brother-in-law Ritesh (Kay Kay Menon) joins in later as senior vice president.
Ashwini, a politician backed by Sehgal, become the Union Finance Minister, which helps the Sehgal Group to enter a lucrative partnership with international food products giants Friscon.
In a CII meeting, the state Finance Minister Gulabrao declares that a public sector unit (PSU) is for sale. Both the companies pounce into the competition using every tactic they have to outperform each other. But last-minute politicking by Marwah with Gulabrao leads to the PSU going to the Marwah Group, leaving Sehgal disappointed.
However, Nishi charms Marwah Group's CEO Pervez, and is then able to steal critical information from his laptop computer: she finds out that Marwah had been misleading the media that they were planning to manufacture mineral water in the plant, whereas in reality they were planning to manufacture a mint-based soft drink. The Sehgal Group publicly announces that they will be launching their own mint-based soft drink, which they've named "Just Chill", pre-empting the Marwah Group's planned launch. Marwah traces the leak to Pervez and fires him.
Ten days before the launch of the drink, Sehgal learns that the FDA has found the presence of a large amount of pesticides in the drink. But Sehgal, cold-heartedly, decides to launch the product by bribing the FDA agents. However, CEO Naveen resigns from the SGI. The drink is a great success. However, another of SGI's executive is unhappy that Ritesh is being made the CEO, and he gives Marwah the information that SGI's product contains pesticides. Marwah along with Gulabrao blow up the issue in the media, leading to a raid on the SGI plants and a case on the Sehgals. Sehgal decides that the only solution is for an employee of SGI who is not a member of the Sehgal family to take the blame for the blunder. Nishi is chosen for that role.
Ritesh is called on by his sister Chayya Sehgal, where she asks him to convince Nishi to sacrifice for the company. Initially disagreeing, Ritesh agrees to convince Nishi on the insistence of Sehgal as he promises that Nishi would be released by the Enquiry Commission soon. A foreign investor holding major stake in Friscon, urges Ashwini to settle the dispute between the two as this would lead to capital flight and foreign investors will pull back their investments, causing serious havoc in the business market. Ashwini discusses the issue with Gulabrao and both the ministers mediates between Marwah and Sehgal to settle down the issue. Marwah agrees to withdraw all the allegations suited through NGO's and drawing their limitations in Friscon company. However, Gulabrao refuses to release Nishi as it would dent his chances of chief minister-ship as elections roars near.
Meanwhile Ritesh comes to know that Nishi is pregnant with his baby. Ritesh, angry about it, threatens to expose Sehgal in front of the media if Nishi is not released within 48 hours. The next day he is found dead, having fallen from the terrace of his apartment building. It is assumed to be suicide but some think otherwise. The movie ends the narrator of the story concluding that Marwah and Sehgal are living happily in their world, whereas there is no place of emotions in corporate world as Nishi is the victim of the corporate tactics. The movie shows Nishi still fighting the case after two years of the incident with her child.