Tensou Sentai Goseiger vs. Shinkenger: Epic on Ginmaku

While running some errands for his fellow Goseigers and Nozomu, Alata finds himself fighting the Nanashi Company and the Ayakashi Madokodama before he receives aid from Shinken Red. However, the fight is witnessed by a mysterious figure as Madokodama falls back. Thinking that Doukoku Chimatsuri has somehow returned, Takeru leaves to recall his vassals while accepting the Goseigers' help. Setting up base in the Amachi Institute against his wishes, Takeru introduces Hikoma Kusakabe to the Goseigers as they learn of the Gedoushu. Ryunosuke Ikenami is the first Shinkenger to arrive before the Gedoushu resume their attack. Using Bibi Soldiers to hold off the two Shinkengers, Madokodama attacks the Goseigers as Shinken Green arrives. However, the leader of the Gedoshu arrives - revealed not to be Doukoku, but Buredoran. Now known as Buredoran of Chimatsuri (血祭のブレドラン, Chimatsuri no Buredoran), Doukoku's heir, he battles Super Shinken Red before unleashing his Bibi Bugs on the samurai and spiriting him away.
As Alata tries to convince Ryunosuke and Chiaki to help them, Eri and Agri pick up Mako Shiraishi while Hyde and Moune meet up with Kotoha Hanaori before their reunion is interrupted by Takeru, who has become possessed by Buredoran. Takeru changes into Gedou Shinken Red and attacks the Goseigers before aiming his Rekka Daizantou at his vassals. However, Gosei Red takes the deathblow meant for them before Gosei Knight and Shinken Gold arrive to cover their escape. While Alata's wounds are tended, Gosei Knight suggests to the other Goseigers to augment their Tensou Techniques, as Madokodama has the ability to absorb and return their attacks. Seeing Gosei Red's selfless heroism in battle, the Shinkengers agree to ally themselves with the Goseigers. The next day, the teams learn to combine their Tensou Technique and Modikara abilities (Eri and Mako with air, Ryunoske and Hyde with water, Chiaki and Moune for their affinity with plants, and Agri and Kotoha with their geokinetic powers) and manage to succeed as Alata comes to and assures Ryunosuke that everything would work out. Meanwhile, Kaoru Shiba arrives with a solution to the crisis. By then, as Buredoran's plan to drown the Gosei World with the Sanzu River's waters is revealed to Shitari's shock, the Goseigers and Shinkengers arrive to stop it only to be forced to fight Gedou Shinken Red until Gosei Red arrives and uses a Modikara-powered Flametornado Card to free Shinken Red from Buredoran's hold. The two Sentai teams proceed to fight their way through the Bibis and Nanashi.
As the others use their Tensou Technique/Modikara combos to overpower Madokodama, Super Gosei Red and Hyper Shinken Red manage to defeat phantoms of Buredoran's Warstar and Yuumajuu guises before regrouping with the others to finish the fight with the Super Shinkengers and a Miracle Gosei/Knight Dynamic combo. Meanwhile, on the other side of the field, a lost DaiGoyou spots a Gedoushu army led by Shitari, who plans an attack on Buredoran's forces in an attempt to regain the Sanzu River. However, just before he can attack Buredoran, Shitari and his accompanying army are suddenly ambushed and subsequently obliterated by an arriving Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger. After the army's destruction, and before they take their leave, the Gokaigers ask DaiGoyou not to mention them to anyone. Though the two Sentai teams manage to stop the river's flow into the Gosei World, they battle an enlarged Buredoran and Madokodama in Ground Gosei Great and Daikai Shinkenoh with DaiGoyou and Datas Hyper providing backup. Though Madokodama is destroyed, Buredoran survives and attempts to destroy the robots with his signature attack. With the Shinkengers' encouragement, the Goseigers form Ground Hyper Gosei Great and manage to take down Buredoran with Modikara Headder Strike. Later, the two teams part ways as the Goseigers head back home and Alata suggests that they try living as samurai, much to the others' disapproval.[2][3][4]