Maleyali Jotheyali

Preetham is the only son of a wealthy but superstitious real estate dealer (Rangayana Raghu). His close friend is Venkatesh (Sharan). After Preetham passes his P.U.C., his father's astrologers inform his father that for the continued peace of his household, Preetham must find a wife. To avoid the problem, Preetham and Venkatesh bribe an astrologer to tell Preetham's father of a very eligible girl in Sakaleshpura (who is fictional and invented by Preetham and Venkatesh).
Thus Preetham is able to escape to Sakleshpura, where he stays with an army colonel named Thammiah. It is here that he bumps into Anjali (Yuvika Chaudhary), who lives in the district nearby, and also into Sandhya (Anjana Sukhani), who is an independent girl and a man hater. Preetham also begins to receive many calls from Lucky, a little girl who dialed his number by mistake and became his "mobile friend". Preetham falls for Sandhya.
Slowly Preetham becomes friends with Anjali, and in order to score brownie points with Sandhya, invents a story of Anjali being dumped by her childhood lover and being in a state of depression. Sandhya becomes friends with Preetham to help Anjali out of her so-called misery, and gradually the three become friends.
Preetham begins to discover a number of qualities about Anjali and slowly finds out that how good she is. Gradually, Pretham falls in love with Anjali while Sandhya begins to like Preetham.
When Anjali finds out about Preetham's love, she leaves Sakleshpura (she overhears him talking to an old man whom Anjali helps out financially, who is actually Anjali's father). Preetham leaves brokenhearted.
Arriving in Bangalore, Preetham first discovers that Lucky has died of a heart attack and that he will never be able to see her again. Then he finds out from Anjali's doctor that Anjali is a cancer patient who is dying.
Despite all this, he meets Anjali and convinces her that three minutes with a loved one is better than a hundred years with an unloved one, and Preetham and Anjali get together.