Mausam

The main story of the film spans over a period 10 years, from 1992 to 2002 and includes references to Demolition of Babri Masjid, Bombay riots, 1993 Bombay bombings, Kargil War, 9/11 attacks and Post-Godhra Riots.
Mausam is the story of two lovers, Harinder Singh, known as Harry (Shahid Kapoor) and Aayat (Sonam Kapoor). Harry is a happy-go-lucky Punjabi guy, whereas Aayat is a Kashmiri girl.
In 1992 Aayat(Sonam Kapoor) and her Bua (Aunt) Fatima (Supriya Pathak) escape from Kashmir due to Militancy. Aayat's parents are murdered by the Militants, thus forcing her Uncle Ghulam Rasool(Kamal Chopra) and her chacha Maharaj Kishan(Anupam Kher) to send her along with her Aunt to Mallukot.
In Mallukot, Aayat meets a young Happy-Go-Lucky boy named Harinder 'Harry' Singh(Shahid Kapoor). Harry is the son of a College Professor. He and his friends are popular locals who spend their days goofing around. A Mallukot girl named Rajjo(Aditi Sharma) however nurses a deep crush on Harry, but he constantly rejects her. But when Harry meets Aayat for the first time he is instantly smitten and falls in love with her. Aayat initially is hesitant but later reciprocates his love. They both grow close during the preparations of Pammo's (Harry's younger sister's) wedding. Pammo gets married to Mahinder Pal 'MP' Singh(Herry Tangri), Harry's friend from London. However following day after hearing the news of Babri Masjid's Demolition, Aayat and her family flee to Mumbai. Aayat however leaves without informing Harry, thus leaving him brokenhearted. In the meanwhile, Harry gets selected in the Indian Air Force, thus he also leaves Mallukot.
In 1999, Harry and Aayat again meet in London. Aayat has been staying in London for the past seven years, after losing her relative in 1993 Mumbai Bomb Blasts. Harry has been sent by Indian Air Force on a special assignment. In London they again grow closer thus prompting Aayat's family to fix her marriage with Harry. Aayat later invites Harry over to her place.
However just on the day of the visit, there is outbreak of hostilities between India and Pakistan in the Kargil sector, thus Harry is immediately recalled to India. On arrival, Harry is posted with a Mirage-2000 Squadron in Jodhpur. Meanwhile, Aayat's uncle passes away thus forcing her entire family to relocate from London back to Mallukot. Aayat and Harry both try to contact each other but fail.
Harry is later deployed to Adampur Air Base (Gwalior Air Base in reality), where he is attached with No. 7 Squadron "Battleaxes". Aayat goes to Ahmedabad and from there returns to London.
In order to dislodge the enemy from Tiger Hill, Indian Air Force resorts to heavy aerial bombardment. Harry is selected to lead a special bombing mission over Tiger Hill. The mission is successful but Harry's aircraft malfunctions, thus he crash lands. It is later revealed that Harry's left arm is semi-paralysed and he himself would require 2 months to recover.
Aayat meanwhile has left London, she stays with a Family friend's son (Akram) in New York, while her Aunt has returned to Ahmedabad. Two months later Harry is in Switzerland, for his nephew's birth, here Pammo convinces Harry to not let go of Aayat. He goes in search of her and realizes that she is in New York. However while travelling in a train in Switzerland, Harry spots Aayat with Akram and his son. Mistakingly believing that Aayat is married, he Feels that all hopes are lost, and thus completely decides to forget her.
Terrorists bomb New York WTC Towers on 11 September 2001. As a result of these attacks there is a sudden surge in Hate Crimes against Muslims in USA and Europe., prompting Akram and Aayat to return to Ahmedabad. Co-incidentally even Harry is in Ahmedabad, for his friend's wedding. Meanwhile, Aayat decides to forget Harry and marry Akram. However in 2002 when the wedding is about to take place, Ahmedabad is engulfed in Riots. Aayat runs for her safety and is saved by Harry, who is also hiding. Harry and Aayat wait until the rioters leave, but they are accidently spotted and attacked. Harry and Aayat run into a blazing fair, where they rescue a Horse and a Baby girl.
Aayat laments their fate, but Harry convinces her to forget the past and see the brighter future.
In the epilogue it is revealed that, Harry and Aayat get married, they adopt the Baby girl and they themselves are expecting a child.