The Odd Angry Shot

Bill, a young new recruit in the Australian Special Air Service, arrives for his year-long tour of duty in Vietnam. Other members of his section include Harry, the section's Corporal and the oldest and most worldly-wise of the group, along with Bung, Rogers, Dawson and Scott. The close-knit group cope with their circumstances with a mixture of humour, cheek, practical jokes and copious quantities of beer. Harry has an ongoing verbal feud with the company cook over the questionable quality of the food. During the first weeks of their stay in Vietnam, their biggest enemies are mud, boredom, tinea and the never-ending torrential rains. However the real war strikes suddenly one night when an enemy mortar barrage hits their camp claiming a number of casualties. The section's first operation takes place shortly afterwards; a short sharp engagement in the dense jungle, which leaves Scott mortally wounded and one wounded Viet Cong who escapes. This encounter sets the tone for the remainder of their tour. Long, exhausting patrols which are periodically interrupted by short savage encounters with either the enemy, mines or booby-traps.
Back at camp, the men resort to anything to pass the time and keep fear and grief at bay, including drunken brawls, a practical joke on the padre and an insect-fighting contest with an American unit. Bill receives a thinly-disguised break-up letter from his girlfriend back home. Whilst on leave in Saigon, Bung catches a young scam artist who has just robbed a pair of US soldiers. They take the boy's stolen cash and team up with the Americans for a wild night with hookers, where even Bill partakes.
During a quiet spell at camp, Harry confides in his mates that prior to joining the army, he used to be a professional artist and had suffered a painful marriage break-up. He also grows increasingly cynical about both the conduct and purpose of the war and remarks bitterly about the lack of gratitude and interest they will receive upon returning home. Bung is devastated by news from Australia that his mother and girlfriend have perished in a car accident. Soon after Rogers steps on a mine whilst on patrol that blows off both his feet and destroys his jaw. Later his mates visit him in hospital before he is sent home. Rogers asks Harry to check if his testicles are still present (they are).
Shortly before their tour ends, a major offensive is launched and the section is sent into action to capture a VC-held bridge. Bung is killed by a VC machine-gunner as they take the bridge. The section is then ordered to withdraw, prompting Harry to comment bitterly that the whole morning's work had been for nothing. Not long afterwards, Harry, Bill and Dawson are informed they are being sent home. Back in Australia, Harry and Bill have a beer at a harbour side pub in Watsons Bay. The barman asks them if they have just returned from Vietnam but Harry replies 'No'. The two friends look out across Port Jackson quietly reflecting on their experiences as the film ends.