Little Boy

In the seaside town of O'Hare, California, an 8-year-old boy who is small for his age, Pepper Flynt Busbee (Jakob Salvati), has a very close relationship with James, his loving father, which begins from the very moment he is born when his father cradles him in his arms and notices how small he is. When Pepper asks a doctor if he has dwarfism, the doctor tells him, "For now, Pepper, let's just say you're a 'little boy'," this expression would become Pepper's nickname. He would learn to despise those two words and always make a problem when someone would call out his nickname.
However, when World War II begins, Pepper's older brother is declared ineligible for military service because of flat feet and his father joins in his place, which devastates Pepper.[5] Not long after his father leaves for war, Pepper hears the Bible verse, "Truly I tell you, if you have faith as small as a mustard seed, you can say to this mountain, ‘Move from here to there,’ and it will move" (Matthew 17:20), he becomes determined to get enough faith to bring his father home. Nevertheless, as his friend and mentor Father Oliver tells him, faith is useless to anyone who harbors hatred. Father Oliver tells Pepper to befriend a Japanese man named Hashimoto.
At first, the anti-Japanese sentiment Pepper has internalized - which has become prevalent in his society - makes him hesitant to follow this advice, but as he gets to know Hashimoto, he begins to value their friendship and learns from Hashimoto to stand up to those who bully him about his height. Father Oliver gave Pepper a list of tasks to complete. When Pepper's father is reported missing in action, Pepper's mother (Emily Watson) struggles to keep her family together in the face of these overwhelming hardships. His brother London, and Sam - one of the townspeople that lost a son - go to Hashimoto's home and attack him one night, leading to him being hospitalized. London is initially arrested, but Hashimoto decides not to press charges and he is released.
An Army representative brings the news that Pepper's father has been killed and is buried in the Philippines. Hashimoto goes to the memorial service at the O'Hare Cemetery to pay his respects. Pepper and Hashimoto sit on a bench and discuss their mutual losses of family and believing in something. Pepper goes back to the cemetery to visit his father's grave and place the list on top of his grave marker. Pepper and his mother go to the doctor, where the town doctor, Dr. Fox tries to hit on her and invite himself over to the house that evening under the pretext of talking about what could possibly be the cause of Pepper's short stature.
Later that day, a spokesperson from the Army arrives to tell her that her husband didn't die after all. The man that actually died had stolen Pepper's father's boots, with his dog tags attached to the laces, when he fell after being shot, so he was misidentified as Pepper's father. The family leaves town to visit James in the hospital and Pepper takes him the boots that James had been eyeing for some time, which Pepper bought for him after he went off to war. Upon arriving, they realize that James has suffered from mild amnesia due to an injury to the head. However, Pepper calls his father by his longtime nickname, "partner", and presents him his gift. James holds the boots, then hugs Pepper and touches the faces of the rest of his family. They all kneel around his chair and share a group hug, before driving him back to O'Hare.