Maelström

While being gutted alive by a fishmonger, a dying fish chooses to share a story that took place in Quebec during the autumn of 1999. A 25-year-old businesswoman named Bibiane Champagne, head of three clothing boutiques, has an abortion. She is interviewed by a journalist about her success and being the daughter of a famous person named Flo Fabert. Bibiane claims business is good, but her partner, her brother Philippe, accosts her for numerous failures. She is supported by her friend, Claire, but struggles with drugs and alcohol.
One night, Bibiane is driving and accidentally hits a 53-year-old Norwegian Canadian fishmonger, Annstein Karson, fleeing the scene. Injured, Annstein stumbles back to his apartment, where he dies at the kitchen table. While at a restaurant, Claire and Bibiane order octopus but discover it is stale. The restaurant investigates the poor quality of octopus and realize the usual octopus trapper, Annstein, is missing, and find him dead. Bibiane reads confirmation of the death in a newspaper, and considers turning herself in; she confides in a stranger on a subway and consults him about turning herself in, but he tells her this will not bring the victim back. She eventually decides to dispose of the evidence, driving her car into a river. She survives, and interprets her survival as a sign that she deserves to recover her life.
The fishmonger's son Evian, a diver who was recently inspecting Manicouagan River, learns Annstein was cremated. This went against his plans for burial at sea. He encounters Bibiane by chance and she poses as his late father's neighbour. Evian falls in love with her, and she takes him away from a planned flight to have sex at her apartment. He later learns the plane crashed in Baie-Comeau with no survivors, and realizes Bibiane killed his father. Conflicted about his love for his father's killer, a stranger in a bar tells him to marry her and never tell anyone.
Bibiane helps Evian sort through Annstein's possessions, and she accompanies Evian to Lofoten to dispose of the ashes. Finally, the fish narrator decides to conclude his story by revealing the meaning of life, but is promptly killed mid-sentence.