Puli

Puli(Vijay) is the adopted son of a tribal village chief Vembunathan (Prabhu). From a young age, he notices the atrocities regularly committed on the villagers by a group of people from the neighbouring kingdom of Vedhalapuram called the Vedhalams, who have supernatural powers. When he becomes an adult, he starts to protect the villagers from the Vedhalams, because of which he is well respected by the villagers.
Marudheeran falls in love with his childhood sweetheart Pavazhamalli (Shruti Haasan) and both soon decide to marry. One day, Pavazhamalli is kidnapped by a group of Vedhalams, who then ransack the village and also kill Vembunathan. Marudheeran, along with his close friends Kodangi (Thambi Ramaiah) and Sama (Sathyan), begin a journey to Vedhalapuram to rescue Pavazhamalli. During the journey, Marudheeran rescues Manthagini (Hansika Motwani), the princess of Vedhalapuram, from a panther. This is noticed by Jalatharangan (Sudeep), the Commander-in-Chief of Vedhalapuram. On the pretext of being medicine makers, Marudheeran, Kodangi and Sama enter the Vedhalapuram palace, where they meet Yavanarani (Sridevi), the cruel Queen of Vedhalapuram who is also a sorceress. She allows them to stay at the palace and soon Marudheeran wins the support of the Queen and the love of Manthagini with his fighting prowess and resilience. Yavanarani announces the engagement of Marudheeran with Manthagini.
Later, Marudheeran finds out that he himself is a Vedhalam. Marudheeran was the son of Pulivendhan (Vijay), the late prince of Vedhalapuram and Yavanarani's younger brother. When he stood up to Jalatharangan, who used to terrorise the citizens of Vedhalapuram with the help of his henchmen, Jalatharangan killed him and his wife Pushpa (Nanditha). Marudheeran also finds out that Yavanarani is actually a puppet Queen under the influence of evil magical power emanating from Jalatharangan's ring. Due to the evil magical influence, Yavanarani developed magical powers as well as her tyrannical behaviour. She performs yearly Kanya Puja to boost her magical powers. After Yavanarani performs the Kanya Puja for the eighteenth consecutive year (this time on Pavazhamalli), Jalatharangan has planned to eliminate her and take over the throne.
Marudheeran fights Jalatharangan and kills him, avenging his father's death. But before he dies, Jalatharangan opens his ring, releasing all the evil magical power so that Yavanarani could continue to rule Vedhalapuram as a tyrantess without his control after his death. Marudheeran realises that the Queen can be returned to normal only if her staff, which is the source of her magical power, is destroyed. He and Manthagini find her performing the Kanya Puja on Pavazhamalli. After a bitter sword fight with the Queen, he manages to destroy the staff, thus restoring the Queen to her normal self. In gratitude for releasing her from the evil magical influence, Yavanarani makes Marudheeran heir to the throne of Vedhalapuram.