Ramudu Bheemudu

Ramudu (N. T. Rama Rao) is an innocent rich young man who has been in the guardianship of his uncle Panakala Rao (Rajanala) since his childhood.This uncle of his is both crooked and wicked and simply wants to usurp Ramudu's property, and is just waiting for an appropriate opportunity. Ramudu is made to attend to all the domestic chores and is often beaten by his uncle at the slightest opportunity and is generally treated like a slave even though he is the sole heir to large amounts of money and property.His uncle is just a guardian of Ramudu's property...and since his uncle wants to usurp Ramudu's property ...the uncle raises Ramudu as a coward and puts fear in the heart of Ramudu.One day Ramudu thinks he has had enough of this torture and runs away from home.
Bheemudu (again N.T. Rama Rao) is a villager who is interested in loafing around and staging plays which his mother strongly disapproves. After he comes back home from one such stage play, he is taken to task by his mother. In order to escape the wrath of his mother, Bheemudu also flees his home and lands in the nearby city.
Both of them enter the same hotel and unexpectedly exchange their respective places. Thus Ramudu goes to the later's village, enters the house of Bheemudu, is taken care of lovingly by Bheemudu's mom and falls in love with village girl Santhi (L. Vijayalakshmi); On the other hand, Bheemudu [the villager], takes the place of the rich Ramudu in the later's bungalow and falls in love with the culture and city-bred Leela (Jamuna). Bheemudu, who is in the place of Ramudu, now understands that he has to bring Ramudu's uncle Panakala Rao to his senses so that the property that really belongs to Ramudu, should be restored to Ramudu. Ramudu, now in the role of Bheemudu, starts enjoying the love and affection of the new family members. However, Panakala Rao comes to know of this change of places and attempts to take advantage of this situation. At the end, Ramudu and Bheemudu turn out to be twins who got separated during the Godavari Pushkarams. All ends well in the film with Ramudu marrying Santhi and Bheemudu marrying Leela.