Oru Kalluriyin Kathai

Satya (Arya) planned to meet his five friends after five years of leaving the college days. Unfortunately, Satya's father comes only to inform that Satya is in a coma. In a physcho test conducted by his doctor (Charuhasan), Satya reveals some of the incident happened it the early years of his college life. It turns out that he is in love with Jothi (Sonia Agarwal) after she helps him to get in a train he was about to miss. When Jothi enters the same college he studies, he was so happy since he can see her more often. But he never confesses his love to her, and it lasted until the farewell day as he heard Jothi advising her friend about this. Satya's narration ended here as he started shouting in the doctor's room.
Following the doctor's advice, his friends decided to follow a treatment which will help Satya wake himself up from the coma. Agreeing to this, his friends, Chandru (Jaivarma), David (Santhanam), and more contacted, all the students from the batch 2000, help in this treatment. When they go finding for Jothi at her house, it was found out that Jothi is already engaged. Still, Chandru hid the truth that Satya loves Jothi to make her agree to their plan, and she agreed.
The group of students then turned their now new modern college to an old college as it was in the year 2000. Satya was brought here and he began to believe that it was the same time he studied there and he fell in love with Jothi. He waits till the farewell day as he was waiting five years ago. On the night before the farewell day, he found out that the current situation he is facing is not the real one, and he realizes that it is now 2005, not 2000 as he was thinking. Slowly, he began to remember what exactly happened five years ago on the farewell day.
Satya waited for Jothi outside a temple to confess his love, when someone hits his head from the back. He suddenly wakes up and came back to the present day and he realised his friends have done. On the last day, his friends forced him to propose Jothi. He went to Jothi and asked her to stop the acting his friends asked and also not to cheat herself, and walked away without saying out his love. Jothi comes running towards him and tells Satya that she needs him and regrets why she wasted the five years not knowing Satya's love for her. The couple then hugged each other followed by cheers from all the college students.