Jayam Manade Raa

Abhiram (Venkatesh) is a fun loving guy staying with his parents in London. A bunch of 8 people won the contest of Thumps up, which gave them an opportunity to tour Europe. Uma (Soundarya) is one of the contest winners. Abhiram likes Uma and acts as a tour companion for them during their stay in Europe. A shy Uma could not express her love towards him so she leaves a message in Abhiram's answering machine. But Abhiram could not listen to the message at the right time. Hence, Uma presumes that Abhiram does not love her and leaves back to India with her companions. Abhiram, who happened to listen to the message after Uma left, calls up Uma and make a contact with her. But it's too late for him, as the father of Soundarya commits a marriage for her daughter with Jasjit, the brother of the main villain. On the other track, a parallel story is running in which Jasjit and his gang of goons are searching for 'Mahadeva Naidu'. When the father of Prasad Babu sees the photograph of Abhiram, he gets frightened and approaches Jaya Prakash with the photograph. Jaya Prakash wants to eliminate 'Mahadeva Naidu'. When Abhiram comes to know that Uma may be forcibly getting married another guy, he decides to come to Uma's village to marry his sweetheart. Just when he comes off the Railway Station, a gang that is after his life chases him and Uma. They (Abhiram & Uma) could manage to slip off the goons and get ready to flee. During that time, goons again chased him and he is saved by Jhansi in a nick of time. She takes him to a hideout where a group of people hides. They explain him about his flashback. He is the son of Mahadeva Naidu (Daggubati Venkatesh), who was the savior or Dalitulu and downtrodden people of 'Karamchedu'. He liberated the 'Dalitulu' in that area and he was killed by the villains, who are none but his relatives (Jaya Prakash). At the time of killing Rudrama Naidu (son) and Jhansi, (daughter) are taken away by the lieutenants of Mahadeva Naidu so that they can be saved. At the time of killing Mahadeva Naidu swears that 'Rudrama Naidu' would come back and destroy the villains and save the poor people. Rudrama Naidu, who is raised as 'Abhiraam', comes to know about the flashback and rest of the film is how he takes the revenge.