Kamaladalam

Nandagopan (Mohanlal) is a respected dance teacher at the Kerala Kala Mandiram (alluding to the famed Kerala Kalamandalam repertory which performs Kerala's temple arts). However, his life takes a turn when his wife Sumangala (Parvathi) commits suicide because a quarrel had taken place between them. Because Nandagopan went to see his mother the quarrel was created when Nandagopan because of anger he said he wouldn't care if she died. Immature and child like Sumangala mistakes and takes his words seriously and commits suicide by burning herself. She also tried to kill herself at first because Nandagopan was to be wed and she couldn't bear to see it. But she was timely saved and married by him. Nandagopan to stop her on the midway but she was dead. In the film Sumangala's death is only revealed later to Malavika (Monisha). People start thinking he killed his own wife. Saddened with grief he becomes alcoholic. He comes everyday to Kalamandalam and creates chaos. On one such occasion when he did this the police took him away as the new secretary of the institute velayudhan (Nedmudi Venu) wants him to be sacked but his former reputation gives him a reprieve. Once when he commented on Malavika's dance she feels very bad and started thinking bad on him. Meanwhile Soman (Vineeth) is in love with Malavika. Few days later the institution decides Malavika's Arangettam to be performed. On the day of performance Nandagopan decides to test her focus and creates chaos she immediately stops and the whole Arangettam is gone . Later when the students put up strike when he debates and apologises they are satisfied.one day when Malavika asks him to stop drinking he tells her his story And he had specially composed Sita Ramayana for his wife and now she is dead. Determined Malavika decides to perform it. Meanwhile while the closeness of the guru and shishya gets more there are many rumours. Soman tries to kill at first but he fails. On the day Malavika's program he mixes pesticide powder in thumbs-up and is shocked when his brother tells there is nothing wrong between guru and shishya and they have blessed him. He is filled with grief and confesses the truth to his brother. They both are literally frightened and see thumbs up bottle in principal, Malavika and Nandagopan's hands. Initially, it reaches to Nandagopan. And during the last scene his mouth is full of blood and everyone is horrified but he compels the program to be completed. Soon the program is completed and he falls down in the arms of Soman and Malavika and he dies imagining Sumangala calling him to her.