Vidhi

Raja, the son of a popular lawyer "Tiger" Dayanidhi, is a playboy and a womaniser from a rich family. Whenever Raja sets his eyes on a girl, he pursues and impresses her and convinces her that he is madly in love with her, then abandons her after getting into a physical relationship with her. This becomes a routine for him. Radha is a girl from a middle-class family. Raja meets her, tries his old techniques to impress her and succeeds. Radha sincerely loves him and yields to Raja's advances for a physical relationship. When Radha becomes pregnant and requests Raja to marry her, he writes off their relationship, saying he does not even know her and refuses to marry her.
Much against her parent's suggestion to terminate her pregnancy, Radha decides to have the child and also tells them that she wants to take Raja to court and prove that he has fathered her child. She leaves home and meets Sakunthala, a leading lawyer who works for women's rights. Sakunthala's story is similar to that of Radha: she had been Dayanidhi's lover, and when she had become pregnant, he had deserted her, and she had given birth to an illegitimate daughter. Sakunthala does not want history to repeat itself, and drags Raja to the court on behalf of Radha.
Dayanidhi fights for his son. However, by producing solid evidence and with her excellent arguments, Sakunthala wins the case. The court declares that Raja is the father of Radha's child, but leaves the decision of getting married to them. While meeting the media after winning the case, Radha states that her intention was not to marry Raja, but to get legitimacy for her child. She declares that she is satisfied with the court's verdict and has decided to be on her own. In the meanwhile, Sakunthala gets a heart attack; before dying, she hands over her daughter in Radha's care.
Years later, Raja and his wife, now married for some years and still childless, run into Radha. It turns out that she has been raising her son, named Suresh all by herself, and he has turned out to be a very talented and well-adjusted young and smart boy.