Mouna Ragam

Divya is a free-spirited college student from a conservative family whose strict father, Chandramouli, works for the government. She learns that her parents are eagerly awaiting a marriage proposal for her. Unwilling to get married, and hoping that the groom's family will reject her, she deliberately arrives home late, only to find Chandrakumar (the groom) and his family patiently waiting for her. She talks arrogantly to Chandrakumar to make him dislike her but, undeterred, he says that he likes her and agrees to the marriage. Divya initially refuses, but when her father has a heart attack her family begs her to accept the proposal to aid his recovery. Succumbing to the pressure, Divya marries Chandrakumar.
After their marriage Chandrakumar takes Divya to Delhi, but she cannot accept him as her husband and ignores him. When he asks her what she would like as a wedding gift, she asks him for a divorce. Startled, Chandrakumar asks her why; in a flashback, Divya remembers when she was in love with Manohar, whom she met as a college student. Manohar and his gang assault and rob the son of Thamizhmani, an MP. Divya reports Manohar to the police, and he is arrested. She later learns that Thamizhmani's son had run over a girl with his car, and Manohar stole the money to pay for the girl's medical treatment. Divya feels guilty, and bails him out.
Manohar falls in love with Divya, and tries to win her love; although she initially rejects him, eventually she returns his feelings. Manohar is a member of a revolutionary group who plan to hold an illegal rally. Divya does not approve, and asks him not to attend; he agrees if she will marry him. On their wedding day, Manohar is falsely accused of participating in the rally and arrested. He escapes, and runs to the marriage registrar's office where Divya is waiting for him. A policeman accidentally shoots him, and he dies in front of Divya.
Although Chandrakumar is ready to forget Divya's past, she cannot accept another man in her life. They consult a lawyer who tells them that according to the Hindu Marriage Act of 1955, since they are newly married they must wait one year to file for divorce and they must live with each other for a year.
Chandrakumar is attacked by his company's labourers because he had suspended their union leader. Divya brings him to a nearby hospital, where he survives after receiving treatment. After he is discharged from the hospital, Divya takes care of him and realises that she has fallen in love with him. She tries to show it by wearing the anklets Chandrakumar gave her shortly after their marriage but, irritated by what he sees as Divya's immaturity, Chandrakumar asks her to return to her parents home and books her trip. At the railway station, Chandrakumar gives Divya the divorce papers that she had requested as a wedding gift. Divya breaks down, telling Chandrakumar that she loves him, and they reconcile.