Ammoru

Bhavani (Soundarya), a lower-caste orphan and devotee of Goddess Ammoru (Ramyakrishna), is responsible for the arrest of the evil Ghorakh (Rami Reddy). Ghorakh is released from prison, vowing to revenge. Bhavani is married to a doctor, Surya (Suresh) who happens to be relation to Gorakh. Surya goes abroad to study, leaving his wife unprotected. When Ghorakh's mother Leelamma (Vadivukkarasi) tries to kill Bhavani, with the help of a leelama's creditor, the Goddess Ammoru (Ramya Krishna) descends to earth, kills leelama's creditor and the takes the form of Bhavani's small maid(Baby Sunaina) servant in order to protect her. Bhavani's maid servant tortures leelamma, her husband and her daughter. One day surya returns to India after his foreign business and leelama tries to blame bhavani that she is having an illegal relationship with another man in his bedroom. But goddess servant saves bhavani and keeping leelama's daughter instead in her bedroom. Daughter is married to that man by ammoru. Ghorakh released from jail due to Gandhi Jayanthi and decides to take a revenge against bhavani who was the reason of his arrest. First he tries to kill bhavani by giving poison when she was pregnant. But goddess ammoru who is in the form of girl saves her. At last ghorakh finds who is that good spirit who make his power useless. Ghorakh finds it was a girl who is with bhavani as a servant is goddess ammoru who saved her and child which is in her stomach. At last after the child's birth ghorakh plans to dismiss the servant in the way of soundharya to say that if she keeps a bottu in forehead of her servant until she should not come. Ghorakh kills Bhavani's infant daughter and tortures her husband, with the help of evil spirit Chenda. Bhavani prays for goddess ammoru to save her but goddess doesn't react to it. At last she keeps her hand in soolam and she bleeds. Ghorakh pulls her at last some drops of blood spills as bottu of goddess ammoru and she returns in the form of Ramyakrishna and kills ghorakh. Ramyakrishna changes her form to goddess servant. At last surya and Bhavani realises it was goddess ammoru and she(ammoru) returns her child to bhavani and blesses all of them.