Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu

A kindhearted man, known as "Relangi mavayya" ("Relangi Uncle") by his family, lives in the village of the same name. His middle-class family consists of his wife, mother, niece Seetha and three children: two sons (Peddodu, "the elder" and Chinnodu, "the younger") and a daughter, Chinni. Peddodu is an introvert, who lives life on his own terms and is unsociable. Although Seetha wants to marry him, her love is apparently unrequited. Chinnodu is extrovert, who falls in love with Geetha, the daughter of Seetha's paternal uncle who is jealous of Chinnodu's father and denigrates his family's economic status. Although the family is close-knit, the brothers do not communicate well with each other.
Geetha's sister recommends a marriage for Chinni to a relative of her in-laws. At the wedding, Peddodu and Geetha's father argue in the backyard about the latter's sarcasm, increasing tensions further. Several days later, the brothers plan to leave for Hyderabad to find work. Geetha invites Chinnodu for lunch without informing him that her whole family will be there. Chinnodu and Geetha's father argue, again over the latter's sarcasm. When Geetha tries to calm the former, Peddodu is upset after knowing about their love affair. He abruptly leaves for Relangi and Chinnodu, dejected, stays behind. This affects his relationship with Geetha, whose father has found her a husband. Although Seetha is also pressured to marry a man suggested by Geetha's father, Peddodu and distant relative Kondala Rao convince the bridegroom to reject the proposal.
Relangi Uncle is injured in an accident in an attempt to save a young man. His condition stabilises, and the young man turns out to be the son of Peddodu's former boss' brother. The former employer apologises for his past misbehaviour, and offers Peddodu another job; the gulf between the brothers widens.
Peddodu, Chinnodu and their family visit Bhadrachalam Temple for Rama Navami, the annual kalyana of Rama and Sita, and meet Geetha's family there. The guest of honour, an MLA, asks Relangi Uncle to participate in the procession. Geetha's father is surprised by this, and an electrical problem then arises. With help from volunteers and the police the brothers save the day, setting aside their differences and rescuing Geetha's family. Relangi Uncle praises the brothers for their courage, telling them about them the importance of family, love and brotherhood. This changes their attitude and that of Geetha's father, who is eavesdropping on the conversation.
Seetha is overjoyed to see the brothers reunited, and for the first time, Peddodu calls her by name instead of "Hey!" and "Oy!". They are married, and Chinnodu and Geetha's wedding is planned after her father reconciles with Relangi Uncle's family. The brothers send gold bangles to their grandmother, evidence that they have found work.