Bees Saal Baad

After a lustful Thakur in the village of Chandanghat rapes a young girl, she kills herself. Thereafter, the Thakur is killed by what the local people call the girl's vengeful spirit. Then the Thakur's son is also reportedly killed by the same spirit. Twenty years after the Thakur's death, his grandson Kumar comes to the village and is warned by the locals that the spirit will kill him as well, but he does not believe them. He hears the singing voice of the supposed spirit the first night from the swamp. The next day as he wakes up, he finds out about Radha, a carefree girl, who is the niece of an old man, Ramlal.
The singing continues the second night, but Kumar is unable to find the identity of the girl singing the song. He notices that there is a source of light in his house on the terrace. The next day, Kumar finds that his coat is lost. The news reaches Radha that Kumar has been killed. Radha does not believe this and runs into the forest, where Kumar comes in front of her. He says it was not he that was killed, but another man wearing his suit. He was killed in the swamp under the same tree where his father and grandfather were killed.
Later that night, Kumar sees Laxman, his servant arguing with a girl. Laxman explains that the one who was under the tree was his sister's husband. He showed him light everyday from the terrace, and Laxman has stolen the coat and given it to him. Radha advises him to leave, since a person wearing his coat was killed by the spirit. Kumar doesn't.
Ramlal forbids Radha to meet Kumar, as people say she would be killed too. Kumar, meanwhile tries to figure out who is doing all this. Seeing Radha so sad, Ramlal tells her to call Kumar near the swamp where they will talk. Kumar goes to the swamp, and the spirit tries to kill him, but he escapes. Radha finds out that the one who was pretending to be the spirit of the girl was none other than her uncle Ramlal. It was Ramlal's daughter who had been raped by Thakur, so he killed Thakur, his son and was trying to kill his grandson now. Police arrive and persuade Ramlal to surrender himself. Kumar and Radha meet each other and have a happy ending.