Casino Raiders II

According to the legend, before the God of Gamblers retired, he gave two piece of jade tablet to two people whom he is gracious to and whoever has a piece of the jade tablet can invite the God of Gamblers to help them win in a gambling competition. Later, one piece has returned to the God of Gamblers, while the other one is in the hands of someone.
Chicken Feet, Kit and James were Uncle Fan's apprentices. One time when Uncle Fan brought them to Osaka to compete with Taro Yamamoto, James killed Yamamoto for money and betrayed Fan, which caused Fan crippled and framed Kit for the murder of Yamamoto, leading him imprisoned. After Kit is imprisoned, Fan and Chicken Feet were forced too open a gamble table in a boat but James does not stop. James needs the jade tablet to participate in the Asia Gambling Competition and he believes Fan knows the whereabouts of the jade tablet.
In order to pull Chicken Feet and Kit from danger and have the two avenger him later, Uncle Fan jumps into the ocean and commits suicide. Later Kit is released from prison and intends to lead a normal life but he could not escape from James's pestering. In order to save his daughter and to escape from James's pestering, he cuts off his own hand. Chicken Feet and others had heard the news that Fan spread before and his death, which leads them to find the jade tablet. Because of this, James tries to kill them and Chicken Feet's girlfriend Siu-mui dies as a result. Kit later throws the disastrous jade down the ocean.
The Asia Gambling Competition begins, Kit participates to help Mr. Yeung, while Chicken Feet also participates to avenge Siu-mui and Uncle Fan. Finally, Kit, Chicken Feet, previous champion James and another competitor encounter in the final round. Kit follows Yeung's idea to lose all the money, since Yeung bet James to win. Finally, Chicken Feet, with an A spades, 3 spades, 4 spades, 5 spades and a 2 spades under competes with James, who has a J clubs, J diamonds, Q diamond, Q hearts and a Q spades under. Chicken Feet puts a fake jade and his own life at stake to bet with James's life. James quits before betting with Chicken Feet, and Chicken Feet wins US$40 million and becomes the new Asian Gambling Champ.
Later, Yeung learns that James bet US$5 million for himself to lose and the angered Yeung sends people to kill James.
Finally, Chicken Feet temporary leaves Hong Kong to avoid danger and right after seeing off Chicken Feet leave, Kit was shot by a group of thugs and the film ends.