Maampazhakkaalam

Following his father's death, Puramanayil Chandran (Mohanlal) was forced leave for Abu Dhabi to amortise all his father's debts. The film commences with his mother, Lakshmi (Kaviyoor Ponnamma), faking an illness to persuade Chandran to come back to India to get him married. Chandran takes care of his big family including his mother and younger brothers. During his vacation in India, Chandran has an excellent time with his family. However, Chandran's marriage doesn't take place because a suitable bride couldn't be found. Depressed by this, Chandran decides to go back to Abu Dhabi. On his way to the airport, Chandran sees his childhood friend Indira (Shobhana). Chandran's quest to meet Indira becomes unsuccessful and he decides to cancel his trip to Abu Dhabi.
As the plot uncovers, Chandran's love for Indira is realised. However, Indira is now a single mother of ten-year-old Malu (Sanusha) after her ex-husband went to jail. One day Chandran sees Indira and her daughter. Malu does not like Chandran because of her bad experiences with her father. Indira's husband, Dr. Raghuram (Adithya Menon), is a drug addict and he used to physically abuse his ex-wife and kid. Malu warns Chandran to keep away from her mother.
When Dr. Raghuram is released from the jail, he meets Chandran and warns Chandran not to see Indira again. However, Chandran meets Indira once again to enquire about Dr. Raghuram. Dr. Raghuram issues another threat against his family. This forces Chandran's brothers to leave him because of this relation. On a rainy night, Malu pays a visit to see Chandran and his mother. On this incident, Malu reveals her past: that Malu is not Indira's daughter. Malu's mother, who was Dr. Raghuram's first wife, was killed by Dr. Raghuram in front of Indira when the two argued over his new marriage. Indira took Malu and ran away from him. Dr. Raghuram later comes to Indira's house to kill Malu and rape Indira. However, Chandran arrives in time and rescues Indira. Chandran warns Dr. Raghuram to keep away from Indira and Malu. Chandran's mother decides to get Chandran married to Indira and she accepts Malu as her adopted granddaughter.