Chandrettan Evideya

The story of "Chandrettan Evideya" revolves around Chandramohan (Dileep), a Government employee and also an ardent classical dance follower and his wife Sushama(Anusree) is also a Govt employee but located far away from Chandramohan. She keeps asking for a transfer to Chandramohan but couldn't get it and she is overly involved in as a wife in every thing her husband does. Chandramohan is well known among art followers as a critic of classical dance. His reviews are often published in magazines. Considering his close association with beautiful dancers, his wife Sushama express' her dislike and casually keeps close tabs on him. One fine day, they decide to go for a family trip to Thanjavur where they meet an Nadi Astrologer who tells them the love story of Chandramohan's previous life which took place 1000 years ago, in which he was a poet in Raja Raja Chozhan's court. There, he meets Vasanthmallika(Namitha Pramod) a dancer from Madurai who visits Raja Raj Chozhan's Sabha. They both fall for each other in their 1st sight. This relationship disturbs the king. He sends Velkozhukottuvan(Dileep) to the 100 years war, in which he gets stamped by an elephant and gets killed. The astrologer says that there might be possibilities for Chandran to meet Vasanthmallika and reunite in this era. This sayings of the astrologer slightly disturbs Sushama, who is also an ardent believer. Chandran didn't believe in these things. But, his friends motivates him for pursuing an extramarital life by saying as the moon yearns for daylight, an extramarital affair is what makes a man's life worthy. This inebriated philosophy attracts Chandran who is going through a midlife crisis himself, and starts to perceive hallucinations in daylight. Sushama for Chandran's well-being starts chanting mantra on Ketu (a planet). One day he meets a girl named Geetanjali (Namitha Pramod) in his office who comes to meet Chandran telling that she is a big fan of him as a critic. But it is later revealed that she is Dr.Geetanjali of Primary Health care who have been receiving many complaints and her case is on Chandran's desk. She pleaded to Chandramohan to postpone this petition for 2 months as she is having a dance program in Germany. Geetanjali's advance over him and knowing that she is a dancer and a student of Chinnasathya makes him interested. Simultaneously he is also convinced that she is Vasanthmallika. They both grow in their relationship and constantly have outings. One day after a dinner he sees Sushama in his home and gets to know that she has got her transfer. While shopping Chandramohan gets to know that Geetanjali was attacked due to her lack of commitment in being a government doctor. He rushes to the hospital leaving his family alone in Big Bazaar. The family is stunned by Chandran's insensibility, they couldn't pay the bill and asks Sumesh (Chandran's friend) for help as Chandran's phone is switched off.
Sushama starts doubting Chandran because of his strange behaviour. Knowing this Chandran changes the contact name in his phone from Geetanjali to Geetanandhan. One fine day, Sushama asks Chandramohan where he is over the phone and he mentions that he is in his office. But she sees Chandran in a restaurant with Geetanjali. She checks his phone and gets to know that he is calling 'Geetanandhan' frequently. She copies Geetanandhan's number and calls from her mobile and gets to know that Geetanandhan is not the original name as she heard a women's voice. She asks one of her staff to know about this number and gets to know the original details. She calls her telling that she's an admirer of Geetanjali and also tells that she wants to know where she is as she wants to meet her. She tells that she is in Mayura travel agency. Then she calls Chandran to know where he is, he tells that he is in his office. But she spots both of them in Mayura Agency and follows them. Geetanjali says she needs to meet Chandran in person before leaving to Frankfurt. Sushama confronts Chandran by a big dispute in her house about his whereabouts and his lies. In a rage he leaves his house. Sushama determines and goes to Geetanjali's house and reveals she is Chandran's wife and tells the truth of Chandran's fantasy about his past life. She rebukes Geetanjali on leading her husband and says: "Dancers and artists can change costumes and roles; but a wife has only one role, a lifelong act, which cannot be changed like costumes, to sustain it one requires love and care from the husband." Geetanjali mentions that if Chandran comes to her at night then Sushama should leave him and go. But if he does not come, then she would leave him. At the very same night Chandran by the hallucinatory confirmation of Velkozhukottuvan, with much joy and amorous intention goes to Geetanjali's house. Sushama prays very ardently and suddenly Chandran hears a baby crying and remembers his son and goes back to his home. Seeing this makes Sushama happy and calls Chandran and asks where he is now in an affectionate manner. Geetanjali is seen sad and in tears. Later it is shown that Chandramohan deletes Geetanjali's number and pulls away from the hallucinatory funk and attends Sushama's phone call telling her with a smile that he's just about to eat.