Sangili Bungili Kadhava Thorae

Vasu (Jiiva) is a house broker who sells houses by using tricks with his friend Sooranam (Soori). Vasu and his mother Parvathy (Raadhika) are living in Parvathy's brother's house for rent. Vasu and his parents had lived in houses for rent throughout their lives. After Vasu's father's death, he took a vow of buying a bungalow on the outskirts. After some years, Vasu buys the bungalow and enters the house with his whole family. He later finds that there was a family that had lived there earlier. Jambulingam (Thambi Ramaiah) lived there with his wife, mother and daughters. He refused to move out of the house. So Vasu decides to live there until he finds the owner who cheated him. Vasu and Jambulingam's daughter, Shwetha (Sri Divya) fall in love with each other. Vasu and Sooranam try some ghost tricks to chase Jambulingam's family out of the house. On coming to know of Vasu and Shwetha, his aunt gets angry as she has been under the belief that her daughter Sandhya (Madhumila) and Vasu will marry. She goes on a tirade about Vasu's actions to Parvathy. Parvathy tells Vasu to apologize to his aunt. He refuses and his whole family moves out of the house. While Vasu and Sooranam threaten Jambulingam's deaf and dumb mother with a ghost, she sees a real ghost and is admitted in the hospital. Jambulingam blames Vasu for threatening his mother with ghosts and shows a video taken in the phone unknowingly. Shwetha also fights with Vasu and the family moves out of the house. Vasu brings E. B. Rajeshwari (Kovai Sarala) to know about the ghost. Sangili Aandavar (Radharavi) lived in the house and was killed by his family members for the house. She tells that if the two families live happily in the house, Sangili Aandavar will go out of the house. They live in the house happily but Jambulingam doesn't like to stay there. So he brings his family out and locks Vasu's family inside the house. But when he turns, he comes to know that he is inside the house and all others are outside. Sangili Aandavar takes only Jambulingam as he is not living with the family. But the whole family tries to rescue Jambulingam by showing strength and unity. On seeing this Sangili Aandavar leaves the house and Vasu lives in the house with his mother, Shwetha and the whole family.