City Heat

In Kansas City, 1933, police lieutenant Speer goes to a diner for coffee. Two men arrive, looking for a former cop turned private eye named Mike Murphy. Speer and Murphy were good friends, until Murphy left the force. The men pounce on Murphy the minute he arrives. Speer ignores them until a goon causes him to spill his coffee. Both goons are thrown through the front door. Murphy sarcastically thanks Speer for saving his life.
The two rivals have eyes for Murphy's secretary Addy. She loves both and proves it when, after tenderly kissing Murphy goodbye, goes on a date with Speer. Murphy has a new romantic interest, a rich socialite named Caroline Howley, but finds himself unable to commit.
Speer and Addy go to a boxing match at which the mob boss Leon Coll is present. Murphy's partner Diehl Swift is also there, and seems to be in cahoots with Primo Pitt and his gang. Swift is in possession of a briefcase, whose contents are supposed to be the accounting records of Coll's operations. The ledgers are the target of both Pitt's and Coll's gangs. Coll’s financial records are actually in the possession of his bookeeper, who met and colluded with Swift earlier at the Club where Ginny sings.
Swift leaves the boxing ring, tailed by Speer and Addy, and is confronted by Pitt and his thugs at his apartment with Ginny Lee who is taken hostage. Ginny Lee manages to escape but Swift is killed during a struggle with Pitt. A thug opens the briefcase but it's empty. He picks up Swift's body and throws it out the window, where it lands on the roof of Speer's parked car (which is occupied by the horrified Addy, who waits after Speer goes to investigate in the apartment).
Murphy vows revenge on Pitt for killing his partner. He asks Speer for assistance and they form an alliance. After meeting with Murphy at a movie, Ginny is confronted by Pitt's thugs outside the theater. As she tries to escape, she is hit by a car and seriously injured.
After Murphy shows Addy the “laundry” which contains the missing financial records, two goons blow bullet holes through the door. Then a huge gun fight breaks out on the street below. Murphy hides and the rival thugs battle it out until one puts a round through Speer's car windshield. Speer pulls out a 12 gauge shotgun and finishes the fight. Murphy and Speer vow to avenge Ginny and also to rescue Caroline, who has been kidnapped by Pitt's gang to force Murphy to hand over the missing records. A final showdown with Pitt and his gang occurs in a warehouse.
In a high class bordello Speer and Murphy rescue Caroline. Coll shows up holding Addy at gunpoint and demands his records. Murphy hands over the briefcase in exchange for Addy, but the case is booby-trapped. Coll's car is blown up with him in it.