Samrat

A young man (Ramki) comes in a remote village in Pollachi. He claims to be Ashok and to be reported missing when he was a kid. His sister Arukkani (Vasuki) and his brother-in-law (R. Sundarrajan) accommodate him in their house. There, Ashok meets Damayanthi (Rukma), daughter of the wealthiest man in the village : Sundar (Mohan Natarajan). They fall in love with each other. When Damayanthi's father Sundar arranges Damayanthi's wedding with a rich bride, Ashok is heart-broken. The couples decide to get secretly married in a small temple far from the village. After tying the thaali around Rukma's neck, he removes himself the knot. Damayanthi runs away crying. The entire scene is recorded by an hidden camera and Ashok then sends the videotape of the scene to Rukma's father. Ashok vanishes from the village and he starts to blackmail Sundar.
Ashok now lives in city and tries to repeatedly woo the city girl Chandramukhi (Vineetha) under the name of Samrat. Chandramukhi is studying in the city, she finally falls in love with him. Chandramukhi succeeds in passing the IPS exams, she eventually becomes a police inspector. Chandramukhi is tasked with a tricky mission : to investigate on Damayanthi's disappearance. Damayanthi is not other than Chandramukhi's elder sister.
Damayanthi is later found by her father Sundar, she is not like as before, she became a mentally disabled person. Her father Sundar explains to Chandramukhi what happened in the past to Damayanthi, Sundar tried everything to find Ashok but he could not find him. Chandramukhi and her father send Damayanthi in a mental hospital. Chandramukhi continues her investigation with Inspector Kalidas (Veera Pandiyan), but without much success. In the meantime, Samrat cover one's tracks, he even kills Damayanthi and the hospital doctor Ilyas (Rajasekhar) who witnessed Damayanthi's murder. Samrat finally reveals to Chandramukhi the reason behind his acts. In the past, Sundar killed Samrat's innocent father (Thalaivasal Vijay) and removed the thaali from his mother's (Sabitha Anand) neck. Sundar later lied to the villagers that he had an affair with Samrat's mother and she also died.
Samrat is a psychopath who wants to take revenge on Sundar at any cost, he believes that his late mother is still alive. Samrat wants to impose Chandramukhi the same fate as Damayanthi. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.