Singapoorinalli Raja Kulla

A jeweller (Lokanath), who harbours ambitions of a successful life abroad, enters into a partnership with Junie (Thoogudeepa Srinivas) and thus both land in Singapore. The ambition, which has blinded Lokanath, led him to treat his pregnant wife badly and abandon her. Unknown to Lokanath, Junie is into smuggling and various other illegal activities and is wanted by the Indian and Singaporean police. CID detective Gopinath aka Kulla (Dwarakish) is assigned the task of hunting down Junie and bringing him to justice in India. Meanwhile, Lokanath's son Raja (Vishnuvardhan), who is now a singer in a hotel, gets to know Gopinath, though unaware that he is a detective.
Tara (Manjula) is Raja's girlfriend. Her father Gopinath Rao (Shakti Prasad), also involved in shady businesses, promises Raja a good life, if he contract kills an old rival Shivaraj, of his, in Singapore, for ₹ 15 lakh. Initially reluctant, Raja travels to Singapore. Rao, knowing from Venu that Raja is Shivaraj's son, asks Diwakar, his business partner in Singapore, to kill him and hires Venu to contract kill Shivaraj for ₹ 20 lakh. Tara overhears his conversation with Diwakar and immediately flies to Singapore informing Raja. Raja tells her that the trail of events has left him really confused.
Meanwhile, Kulla also lands in Singapore, on his mission. But Raja is also on his cross-hairs. He assumes Raja is in Singapore to kill someone and confronts him repeatedly, with arguments and fist-to-fist fighting as well. Raja meets Shivaraj at a hotel and immediately looks at the photo that his mother (Uma Shivakumar) has given him, of her and Shivaraj in their younger days. Raja introduces himself and says he is from Bangalore. Shivaraj is taken aback, which Raja senses, and asks if he knows anybody there, a question that makes Shivaraj uncomfortable. As Shivaraj turns back and takes a few steps away, Raja drops that photo and calls out to Shivaraj, that he dropped something. Shivaraj picking up the photo is surprised to see that it is of him and his wife.
Later, after a bitter fight between them, Raja and Kulla meet up with Shivaraj, who tells him about his meet up with Junie and how he was duped into the unlawful business. Kulla assures Lokanath that he would help him get out of this situation. After many twists and turns, including many fights, the movie climax ends with Raja, Kulla fighting and chasing Junie. As Junie desperately tries to board a helicopter, Kulla, who is hiding in the helicopter, kicks him out and his associate, a Singapore policeman, shoots Junie and kills him. Raja unites with his father and mother.