Kee Mu

The film begins with a disfigured Ramya (Sarika) living near a salt pan in Thoothukudi. Her father Bhavani (Charan Raj) and his henchmen then forcibly take her to the hospital in Chennai. From her hospital bed, she remembers her past.
Saravanan (Hassan) was a poor boy delivering mutton pieces throughout the city, Ramya while was a rich spoilt brat, she is the daughter of the city bigwig Bhavani, a strict yet affectionate father. Saravanan and his three friends (Soori, Karthik Sabesh and Marks) were all from Thoothukudi and were working to make ends meet in Chennai. Ramya, who was irritated by Saravanan for no particular reason, makes fun of him and teased him on multiple occasions. She even made Saravanan believe that she was in love with him, then the heartbroken Saravanan realised that it was all acting. Ramya felt guilty for breaking his heart, so she tried to apologize but Saravanan kept avoiding her. One day, Ramya kissed her in public and confessed her love for him, then he fell in love with her as well.
When Bhavani got to know of his daughter's love, he decided to arrange his daughter's marriage as soon as possible. Ramya took a bundle of notes and her jewellery, and fled. Ramya was still an underage girl, but in seven days, she will reach the legal age of majority and could get married with Saravanan at the registrar office. The couple accompanied by the three friends started travelling by bus from Courtallam to Thiruchendur. Bhavani and his henchmen eventually captured the couple in Kerala with the help of police.
Ramya then convinced her father to get married with Saravanan, Bhavani changed his mind for the happiness of his daughter and he finally accepted for the marriage. In a twist of fate, Bhavani's henchman Kasi (Majith) killed Saravanan to save his boss' honour. Ramya then jumped into her lover's funeral pyre, she was saved by the people but the fire disfigured her face.
The film ends with Ramya returning to Thoothukudi to live with Saravanan's father while the henchman Kasi has now become a lunatic.