The Amazing Colossal Man

A test explosion of the first atomic plutonium bomb is planned at a military site in Desert Rock, Nevada. When the bomb does not detonate as expected, Lt. Colonel Glenn Manning (Glenn Langan) receives orders to keep his men in the protective trench. Moments later, an unidentified small civilian aircraft crash-lands near the bomb site, and Glenn runs into the detonation area to rescue the pilot. Once in the detonation area, the bomb goes off, and Glenn is caught in the atomic blast.
Surviving the blast, but suffering from third-degree burns over almost his entire body, Manning is treated by specialist Dr. Paul Linstrom (William Hudson) and military scientist Dr. Eric Coulter (Larry Thor) at the base hospital. Glenn's fiancée Carol Forrest (Cathy Downs) anxiously awaits a prognosis, but Linstrom refrains from telling her that the consensus is that Glenn will not survive.
However, the next morning, Linstrom and Coulter are stunned to discover that Glenn's burns have completely healed. They begin analyzing the details of Glenn's unusual case. That same evening, Forrest is upset when Glenn's security officer informs her that she is prohibited from seeing Glenn, and she learns that he has been moved to an army rehabilitation and research center in Summit, Nevada. Forrest drives out and is admitted entry, and after overhearing Linstrom and Coulter discussing Glenn's case, Carol lets herself into Glenn's room. She faints in horror when she sees he has mutated into a giant about 16 feet tall.
Linstrom tells Carol that Glenn's exposure to the plutonium blast has caused his old cells to stop dying and his new cells to multiply at an accelerated rate, resulting in his growing proportionately 8 feet in height a day. Linstrom admits that he and Coulter do not know if they can stop Glenn's growth, and that if they don't, he will continue to grow until he dies, but assures her that they will not stop their research.
The following day, Glenn awakens after unsettling dreams of his past. Upon realizing his massive size, Glenn is at first frightened, then deeply disturbed. Carol sees him the next morning to comfort him, but he, now over 22 feet tall, is distant and morose. While the public knows that Glenn survived the explosion, the military has kept the truth of his condition from the media.
As Glenn's body continues to increase in size, Linstrom orders him moved to a tent large enough to provide shelter and recommends that Carol spend time with him. Despite Carol's encouragement, Glenn is angry and bitter. Linstrom eventually reveals that Glenn's heart is growing at only half the rate of his body and soon will be unable to support his enormous size. That night, Carol and Glenn argue over his continuing despair and pessimism; causing Glenn to be upset and shouts at Carol to leave him alone.
The following morning as Coulter reports to Linstrom that he may have found a solution to the phenomenal growth, Glenn disappears. The military, headed by Colonel Hallock (James Seay), conducts a 10-mile-wide search for the now over 50-foot-tall Glenn, but with no results. When Carol asks Linstrom if she can help in their search for Glenn, he cautions her that Glenn's condition may be affecting his mind. Coulter reveals that he has created a special syringe filled with a serum for Glenn's bone marrow that will stop his growth.
Meanwhile, the local news relays that a "giant man" has been spotted approaching Las Vegas. As the military heads toward Las Vegas, Glenn—now over 60 feet tall and confused—is drawn to the Las Vegas strip. He wreaks havoc on the Royal Nevada, the Silver Slipper, and the Tropicana. At the Sands hotel and after a policeman accidentally fires at him, Glenn picks up a palm tree and hurls it at the crowd, just before smashing the Sands' 56-foot neon sign. When the police become alarmed by Glenn's behavior, they begin firing at him, enraging Glenn, who completely destroys the Pioneer Club's Vegas Vic sign then heads toward Boulder Dam as military helicopters track his movements.
Linstrom, Carol and Coulter attempt to intercept Hallock's troops. After landing at the dam, Coulter and Linstrom take the enormous syringe and plunge it into Glenn's ankle. Glenn removes the syringe, mercilessly spearing Coulter with it. Glenn then picks up Carol and starts across the dam. Using a bullhorn to amplify his message, Linstrom pleads with Glenn to spare Carol, and although he is disoriented, Glenn complies. When Glenn reaches the middle of the dam and releases Carol, Hallock orders his men to fire on him, causing Glenn to tumble into the Colorado River to his apparent death.