Zero Degree

Amit (Mahfuz Ahmed) and Nira (Dilruba Yasmeen Ruhee), a happily married couple, live a normal life in Dhaka. Nira works in a multi-national company, therefore she goes abroad very frequently. One time, Nira goes to Singapore on an official trip leaving Amit and their son behind but doesn't come back. After a few days, Amit gets a message that she is leaving him and their son to get married to Mushfiq. Amit breaks down and in the mean time their son dies from a car accident, leaving Amit totally psychic. He is later sent to a mental hospital.
Saniya (Jaya Ahsan) is the only daughter of a powerful village chief Patowari. Misusing his power, he used to forcefully marry beautiful women and killed them after few days. Seeing her fathers crimes, Saniya runs away from home and tries to commit suicide but later gets rescued by Wahid. Later in time, a physical relation builds up between Wahid and Soniya until She finds out Wahid is involved in Human trafficking, before she could do anything, He trades her to a man for money. Saniya later gets repeatedly raped and tortured before she ends up in the same hospital as Amit. Amit and Saniya get to know each other and how each ended up where they are. Later, Amit and Saniya pledges to find the people who caused all the incidents. Amit vows to find Nira and kill her while Saniya vows to do the same with Wahid. They turns into vicious killer and kills whoever comes in their way. Iresh Zaker, Head of the Police Department tries to hunt them down after several murders caused by them and in the same time, not knowing what happened after she left, Nira decides to come back to Amit and her son. After escaping Police, Amit and Saniya takes a hideout in an abandoned factory. Upon learning that Nira came back for him, Amit calls her to the factory intending to kill her. After she arrives, police surrounds the whole factory, leaving them no choice but to surrender or stay inside. Amit, Saniya and Nira end up face to face with no option to escape. The story takes an unexpected twist at the end.[2][5][6]