Pirivom Santhippom

Natesan (Cheran) works as an engineer in electricity board in Karaikudi and leads a joint family with more than 30 of his relatives living in the same house. On the other hand, Visalakshi aka Sala (Sneha) is the only daughter to her parents and she is about to complete her college education in Karaikudi. Sala feels bored while being alone, and she always prefers to have her friends surrounding her.
Sala’s parents start searching for a groom, and they get a reference for Natesan. Sala and her family meet Natesan’s family in a function. Sala is surprised to see so many people living as a joint family together, and she is very much impressed and agrees for the wedding. Natesan and Sala get married. Sala loves being accompanied by all the relatives in Natesan’s home. When Sala and Natesan go on a honeymoon, Sala purchases gifts for everyone in the family. All the family members are also impressed seeing Sala.
Natesan feels sad that he does not get private time to spend with his wife as they are always surrounded by relatives. Now, he gets transferred to a hill station named Attakatti, near Pollachi. Natesan feels happy as he believes this will provide him time to spend with Sala. Although Sala feels sad leaving all her relatives, she also goes with Natesan to the hill station.
Over there in the hill station, Sala feels lonely and gets bored, and she longs for the life she had in Karaikudi. Their house is located in a remote place with no neighbours and friends. Natesan also gets busy with work and has very little time to spend with his wife. Slowly Sala gets psychologically disturbed due to loneliness and she behaves as if the house is filled with so many people. Also, she repairs the fan, lights, etc. purposefully in their home so that the nearby electrician Karuppu (Ganja Karuppu) comes to fix them, and at least she gets a chance to speak to someone.
She also starts recording all the sounds around her such as birds chirping, etc. and listens to the recordings when alone. One day, she records a neighbour’s child’s laughter sound following which the child faints. Sala is scared, but the child is saved. Dr. Ramalingam (Jayaram) sees Sala and understands that she is suffering from a disorder and warns Natesan, but he does not take it seriously. One day, Sala consumes too much of sleeping pills to come out of her depression, but Natesan spots her lying in bed and rushes her to the hospital. Sala is saved. Ramalingam explains the disorder to Natesan and mentions that the best cure for her would be to lead a happy life surrounded by relatives. Natesan agrees and moves back to Karaikudi. The movie ends showing Natesan and Sala leading a happy life again.