18 Vayasu Puyale

The storyline revolves around Surya (Ajay Pradeep), a college drop-out and a good-for-nothing guy. Surya is from a middle-class family and lives with his father Ramakrishnan (Rajesh), his mother Seetha (Fathima Babu) and his little sister Divya (Thanalakshmi). His father Ramakrishnan advices him to be more responsible and to find a job as quickly as possible. Surya, certificate on hand, decides to look for a job. One day, at a pedestrian crossing, Surya falls in love at first sight with a girl (Preethi Varma).
Surya starts hanging out with his friends in his lover's college. Surya tries to impress Pooja (Preethi Varma) by acting like a hero and offering her gifts, but she refuses to accept his love. Pooja tells him that she doesn't believe in love marriage. So Surya with his parents arranged a meeting at the groom’s house where he made a proposal of marriage to Pooja. Pooja and her family accepts for the arranged marriage. They eventually get married.
All of this events turns out to be Surya's imagination. At the pedestrian crossing, Surya is immersed in his dreams and is hit by a car. So Gayathri (Preethi Varma) takes the seriously wounded Surya to the nearby hospital and he is saved at time by the doctors. Afterwards, Surya starts the quest to find his lover Gayathri. Gayathri lives with her aunt Vasantha (Nalini), a ruthless loan shark who wants all of her wealth, and her psychopath cousin Gaja (Babu) who wants to marry her. After the death of her parents, Gayathri found herself alone and became depressed, she needed the love of a person. So Gayathri runs away from her aunt's house. Thereafter, she tries to commit suicide by jumping off of a cliff but Surya, who passed through, saves her at time. Surya then reveals that he is crazy about her and wants to marry her. First completely disoriented, Gayathri finally accepts his proposal. Mad with rage, Vasantha and Gaja are looking for Gayathri. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.