Garm Wars: The Last Druid

The planet of Anwynn was once populated by eight tribes, known as Garms. [6] Long ago, the planet was at peace, as all the different races of Anwynn were united by their collective servitude to their god, Diarne. Unfortunately, violence broke out when Diarne left, setting all the tribes against each other. The war proved devastating, destroying all the tribes on the planet except for three- the Briga, the Kumtak and the Columba. During this time, the Druids, who were previously conveyed the words of Anwynn's god, disappeared. The Briga tribe lives on the ground, and controls the weaker Kumtak tribe to help in their war against the Briga. Meanwhile, the Columba live in airships.
The film itself is divided into three different acts. In Act 1, The Exile of the Three Magi, a Kumtak man named Wydd (Lance Henriksen) is captured by the Columba, along with his holy canine pet Gula, and a mysterious being who is identified as Nascien (Summer Howell), the last of the missing Druids. During his interrogation aboard the Columba airship, Wydd claims that he fled from the Briga people because the Kumtak are enslaved, and offers his services and the Druid's power to fight against his people's oppressors. When the airship is eventually destroyed during a Briga attack, Wydd reveals his true purpose- to travel to the lands of the Druids with Nascien and discover why and why Diarne would create the Garms, if she intended to leave. He then recruits Khara (Melanie St-Pierre), the Columba clone-soldier that interrogated him, and Skelling (Kevin Durand), the Briga officer who led the attack on the airship, before setting off on this quest.
In Act 2, Passage to the Other World, Wydd and his companions continue their journey to the land of the Druids. As the journey draws on, Skellig and Khara both learn that they are quickly running out of mana, the life-energy that sustains their lives. Despite this pressing concern, the party travels in a Briga tank across war-torn wastelands and seas. Upon witnessing the devastation and brutality of the war, Khara begins to question the worth of the war, but Skellig does not appear to share these concerns.
In the final act, Sacred Grove, the party finally arrives at the land of the Druids. Unfortunately, the Briga tank breaks down, forcing Skellig to stay behind and repair it as Wydd, Khara and Nascien continue onwards. During their exploration of the sacred grove, Wydd accidentally activates the Druids' defence systems and awakens giant robotic defenders. Skellig manages to repair the tank and hold off the defenders while the others escaped, but loses his life in the process. When the group finally arrives at the source of the Druid's knowledge and power, Nascien kills Wydd and reveals her true purpose- to take control of the Druid`s guardians and destroy all the Garms. While the guardians are awoken and set against the Garms, Khara manages to destroy Nascien before she escapes. Khara then asks the dying Nascien why the Garms were abandoned by the gods. Nascien reveals that the goddess Diarne left because she feared the destructive potential of the Garms, which is why Nascien took it upon herself to destroy them for her. The film then ends on a cliffhanger, with the warring tribes uniting to fight against the guardians.