4

Arun (Irrfan Khan) is a Chartered Accountant who works for Mr. Mehta (Saurabh Shukla) and helps him run his illegal business. Arun is in love with Priti (Chitrangada Singh), but she falls for Shyam (Vipul Gupta), who was introduced to her by Arun.
After Badey, a gangster of Delhi (Yashpal Sharma), falls out of favour of Minister Verma (Anil Sharma), he is sent to jail and humiliated and beaten everyday on orders of the Minister. Satbir (Sushant Singh) is a dishonest cop who works for Badey and helps him in the jail. Kuldeep (Arunoday Singh), who is also in jail with Badey is released and goes to his wife Shanti (Aditi Rao Hydari). Badey's brother, Chhotey (Prashant Narayanan) and his gang of members, Kuldeep, Tony, Chacha, Guddu and others plan Badey's release by kidnapping Verma's to be son-in-law, Shyam and daughter, Anjali (Madhvi Singh). Things do not go as planned and they end up kidnapping Shyam and his girlfriend Priti. To ensure Shyam's safety, Priti agrees to liaise between Verma and the gangsters, not knowing that Arun had been following them since the abduction. She meets Anjali, Verma and Shyam's father Singhania (Nasser Abdullah). However, Mr. Verma, who comes to know about Shyam's affair with Priti refuses to negotiate Badey's release. Arun, in the meantime, transfers illegal and hawala money into the bank accounts of Verma's son and threatens him with leaking this information to media if he does not ensure Badey's release. However, it comes to light that Chhotey wants to get Badey out only to get details of his bank accounts and plans to kill him. Learning of this, Badey gives the details of his foreign bank accounts to Kuldeep.
Upon being rescued from the prison, Chhotey unexpectedly comes from Georgia and meets Badey. In the meantime, police reach the spot and in the cross fire, Badey escapes from Chhotey and is helped by Kuldeep and his gang. However, he gets shot in the back and later commits suicide. With Badey dead and Chhotey looking for him, Kuldeep decides to leave the country and asks Shyam's father for a ransom of ₹ 15 crores. Priti, under the guise of calling Mr. Singhania, calls Arun. Arun reaches the spot and tells Priti that he transferred ₹ 170 million into her account which should be used by her to free Shyam and herself and live a happy life. Priti, now realizes that she actually loves Arun.
Priti brings the money to a port from where Kuldeep plans to escape. Chhotey also reaches there, but Satbir double crosses him and Kuldeep kills Chhotey to avenge the murder of his father. However, one of the bullets hits a railing and ricochets and hits Arun. The gangsters leave the spot and Priti confesses to Arun that she loves him.