Akira

In July 1988, a massive explosion annihilates Tokyo, triggering a thermonuclear war, World War III. Many years later, Neo-Tokyo rises from the ashes of Tokyo, but has been plagued by numerous crime waves and government corruptions. One night, during anti-government protests, a biker named Shōtarō Kaneda leads his vigilante bōsōzoku gang, the Capsules, on a hunt for their rivals, the Clowns. During this mission, one of the Capsules, Tetsuo Shima, accidentally crashes his motorcycle into Takashi, a psychic esper who has been abducted from a secret government facility by a resistance organization. Japan Self-Defense Forces (JSDF) Colonel Shikishima, accompanied by another esper, Masaru, returns Takashi to the facility and captures Tetsuo for experimentation. Later, as Kaneda and his gang are interviewed by the police, he spots Kei, an activist belonging to the resistance movement, and tricks the authorities into releasing her, taking an interest in her.
Shikishima and Doctor Ōnishi discover that Tetsuo possesses powerful psychic abilities similar to Akira, the esper responsible for Tokyo's destruction. Meanwhile, Takashi's fellow esper, Kiyoko, reveals Neo-Tokyo's impending destruction to Shikishima, who considers executing Tetsuo as Neo-Tokyo's parliament dismisses his concerns and request for funding. Escaping from the hospital, Tetsuo steals Kaneda's motorcycle accompanied by his girlfriend, Kaori, but the Clowns ambush them before the Capsules intervene. As the Capsules were apprehending them, Tetsuo suddenly begins to suffer violent headaches and hallucinations during the attack, and is again captured by Shikishima and hospitalized. Seeking answers about what has happened to his friend, Kaneda rescues Kei and joins the rebels after overhearing their plan to abduct Tetsuo. At the hospital, the espers unsuccessfully attempt to confront Tetsuo, and he battles them with his newfound psychokinetic powers, slaughtering a number of armed guards in his wake. Kaneda, Kei, and Shikishima converge on the espers' quarters to confront Tetsuo, as his powers grow more unstable and his egomania escalates. He overpowers them and escapes after learning from Kiyoko that he can gain help from Akira, located in cryonic storage beneath the Olympic Stadium's construction site.
Using Kei as a medium, Kiyoko helps her and Kaneda escape, while Shikishima stages a coup d'état against the corrupt parliament and declares a manhunt for Tetsuo, who later ambushes two of the Capsules, Yamagata (whom he kills) and Kai. Tetsuo travels through Neo-Tokyo, wiping out Shikishima's forces, and eventually arriving at Akira's cryogenic storage dewar in the stadium. Kiyoko has Kei fight Tetsuo, but he easily overpowers her and exhumes Akira's remains: dissected and preserved for future studies. Using a laser rifle, Kaneda confronts Tetsuo in a duel; meanwhile, Shikishima fires an orbital weapon at him, but succeeds only in severing his right arm. After Tetsuo destroys the satellite in return, he psychically builds a prosthetic arm as a replacement.
Shikishima and Kaori separately approach the stadium, where Tetsuo is in immense pain. Shikishima offers Tetsuo the espers' drugs to control his abilities, while Kaori attempts to restrain Tetsuo. However, Kaneda arrives and duels with Tetsuo yet again. Losing control of his powers, Tetsuo mutates into a gigantic, amorphous mass, consuming his surroundings. As the mass continues to grow, engulfing Kaneda and killing Kaori, the espers eventually awaken Akira. After reuniting with his friends, Akira creates a singularity that draws Tetsuo and Kaneda into another dimension. The espers teleport Shikishima to a safe distance as the singularity expands, destroying Neo-Tokyo completely in a repeat of Tokyo's prior destruction. The espers agree to combine their powers to rescue Kaneda, knowing they will not be able to return to this dimension.
In the singularity, Kaneda experiences Tetsuo's and the espers' childhood, seeing how much Tetsuo trusted Kaneda and how the children were trained and altered before Tokyo's destruction. The espers appear and return Kaneda to his world, informing him that Akira will take Tetsuo to safety and that Kei is developing psychic powers. The singularity suddenly disappears and water from Tokyo Bay floods the city's remains. In the aftermath, Kaneda discovers that Kei and Kai have survived, and they drive off into the ruins, while Shikishima watches the sun rise over the new landscape. Finally in control of his powers, Tetsuo triggers a big bang to create an alternate universe.