East Side, West Side

Just after World War II, socialite Jessie Bourne is home alone one night in her Gramercy Park apartment on New York’s East Side when she receives a mysterious hang-up phone call. Her wealthy playboy husband, Brandon, is out enjoying himself at the Del Rio night club where young model Rosa Senta, who has admired Jessie, and that Jessie has been a customer at the dress salon where she works admonishes Brandon for going out alone. Brandon tries to mollify Rosa, but is cut short when Brandon’s former mistress, gold-digging Isabel Lorrison, walks in. She has returned from Paris intent on rekindling the romance; but he rebuffs her, professing faithfulness to his wife. An argument ensues in which Isabel's date, wealthy Alec Dawning, knowing Brandon's reputation, knocks him unconscious. Brandon is rescued by Rosa, who takes him to her home to recover.
Brandon eventually returns home in the wee hours to find Jessie waiting up and tells her that he was working late, stopped for a drink, was knocked out by a drunk, and then rescued by Rosa. He explains how Rosa knows her. The next morning, Jessie's friend, Helen Lee, calls on her, presumably to remind her of the Lees' party that night for an intelligence officer and ex-NYPD beat cop, Mark Dwyer, returning to the States from post-war service in Italy. Both women have already seen the morning newspaper in which the nightclub brawl is front-page news. After much prodding, Jessie confesses to Helen that she is afraid of what will happen to her marriage with Isabel back in town. Jessie says she intends to live her life normally, including going shopping. She decides to go to the dress salon where Rosa works to hear for herself what transpired at the club. Once there, Jessie takes Rosa aside to thank her for rescuing Brandon. Rosa confirms Brandon's story, which is a relief to Jessie. As thanks, Jessie offers to take Rosa to LaGuardia Airport to pick up Mark Dwyer, whom Rosa has had a long-standing crush on.
As he is leaving his office for Helen's party, Brandon is visited by Isabel, who manages to entice him to her apartment. Jessie goes to the Lee's party alone when Brandon is a no-show, and becomes better acquainted with Mark. Mark explains the crush Rosa has on him and that she would have gotten over it long ago, except that he was overseas. Jessie finds out that Brandon is with Isabel and begins to leave the party; Mark, tired of being celebrated throughout the day for his return to the States, and falling hard for Jessie, offers to escort her home. They talk, and he remains with her until Brandon returns. After Mark leaves, and although they argue viciously, Brandon convinces Jessie of his love, they make up, and he proposes a trip to Virginia.
The next day, while explaining to Rosa that they can't be in a relationship, and that he's interested in Jessie, Mark spots Alec, out with an imposing, frosty blonde on his arm. So, although Isabel is being kept by Alec he is not faithful to her.
As she prepares to go out with Mark for a drive, Jessie is telephoned by Isabel, who asks her for a meeting at her apartment in Greenwich Village on the West Side. Mark unwittingly drives Jessie there and, while doing so, admits his attraction to her, but he is resigned to her trying to save her marriage. During the showdown at the apartment, Jessie refuses to back down even after Isabel gloats that, if she calls, Brandon “will come running.” Mark takes Jessie home where she is given a message to call Brandon—at Isabel's apartment. Suspecting she has been duped by her husband, Jessie calls. Brandon answers, telling her that he found Isabel murdered and he has summoned the police.
Before Jessie and Mark go to the apartment, Mark discovers he had just delivered Jessie there earlier. A friend of Mark's, Lt. Jake Jacobi, is in charge of the crime scene. There, Mark introduces Jessie to the Jake, and they are admitted to the apartment. While Jake questions Brandon and Jessie, Mark finds a woman's broken fingernail next to the body. After confirming the nail is not Jessie's or Isabel's, and mindful of all he has seen since his return, Mark asks Jake to let him do a little detecting while Jake takes Brandon 'downtown' for further questioning, Jessie is allowed to go home. Mark heads to Alec's private party at the Del Rio club. Using a ruse, he determines that Alec's jealous girlfriend, Felice Backett, the frosty blonde, committed the murder. Mark takes her to the police station and Brandon is released. Brandon returns to Jessie in their high-rise apartment, but she finally realizes that she no longer loves him, and leaves. Brandon ponders what will happen next as he looks out over New York City.