Mettupatti Mirasu

Pazhanisamy (Sivakumar), also known as Mettupatti Mirasu, is a rich and respected village elder, he is married to the arrogant Deivanai (Sathyapriya). They have a son, Siva (Sivakumar), and a niece, Radha (Suman Ranganathan). Siva is going to get married with the village belle Meenakshi (Raadhika), who is from another village. The day of the wedding, the bus in which Meenakshi and her family are travelling is stopped by thieves. Chinnadurai (Arjun Sarja) comes to their rescue and saves the passengers. Afterwards, Siva and Meenakshi get married in time as planned.
Karmegam (S. S. Chandran) is Pazhanisamy's accountant for many years, he has an eye on Pazhanisamy's wealth. He wants his son (Viswanath) to get married with Pazhanisamy's niece Radha.
Chinnadurai is the newly appointed physical education teacher at the village's school. He lives with his widow mother and the villagers make fun of his late mentally ill father. Thereafter, Chinnadurai and Radha fall in love with each other. When Siva comes to know their love affair, he wants to arrange Radha's marriage as soon as possible with a man with equal prestige. Pazhanisamy calms his son and he promises to find a better solution at his Shashti Poorthi ceremony : in which Pazhanisamy will have to get married a second time with his wife Deivanai. The day of ceremony, Siva sends henchmen to beat up Chinnadurai. Chinnadurai fights the henchmen and stops the Shashti Poorthi ceremony. To everyone's complete surprise, Pazhanisamy ties the mangala sutra around Valliammai's neck (synonym of marriage).
In the past, Valliammai worked as maid in Pazhanisamy's home, she was still unmarried. One day, Deivanai left the home with her son Siva for a ceremony in the neighbouring village but they stayed there for more than a week. In the meantime, Siva got sick, and Valliammai stayed with him, they had intercourse. Few weeks later, Valliammai became pregnant. When villages elders asked about the father's identity, she showed a mentally ill man (Krishnamoorthy) to save Pazhanisamy's prestige.
Thereafter, Siva turns against his father Pazhanisamy under the guidance of the stingy Karmegam. Pazhanisamy then passes away, before his death Meenakshi promises him to solve the feud between Siva and Chinnadurai. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.