Intlo Deyyam Nakem Bhayam

Naresh runs a band troupe. He likes Indumathi at first sight itself, who raises orphan kids. So he starts his trials to make her fall in his love. During the process of wooing her, he comes to know that a child in the orphanage is suffering from serious heart problem and must be operated very soon which requires 3 lakh rupees. Simultaneously another story runs. A man, Gopala Krishna buys a farmhouse in the suburbs of the city to perform his daughter’s marriage. After the registration, he and his family identify that the house is haunted. To solve the problem, Krishna tries to contact a wizard but by mistake he dials a wrong number and Naresh receives the call. As he is in financial problem, Naresh changes himself to a fake wizard and succeeds in impressing everyone that he has all the powers to deal with the evil spirits and collects huge remuneration for his job.
Meanwhile, the twist arises in the story that the ghost is actually behind Naresh who is none other than his cousin Swapna who gets killed in this farmhouse. Now it's time for a brief flashback where Swapna has lost her parents in the childhood and has been brought up by Naresh and she loves him a lot. Swapna's ambition is to construct a hospital for poor people. Naresh & Swapna decide to get their marriage registered. But on the way to register office, two guys kidnap, molest & kill Swapna and she is buried in the garden.
After the flashback, Swapna puts a condition to leave the house that she should get married to Naresh. Everyone get shocked listening to her wish which has never happened that a ghost marrying a human. Due to the threat of ghost, Gopala Krishna and his family make marriage arrangements of Naresh with ghost Swapna. During this process, Swapna succeeds in killing both the guys who murdered her. Now, Gopala Krishna, Naresh, and team contact real wizard where an interesting note comes out that Swapna’s real intention is not to marry Naresh but to kill him and take his soul along with her. Rest of the story is abour whether Naresh is able to evade from Swapna’s ghost and successful in marrying his real girlfriend Indumathi.