Uttama Villain

Manoranjan (Kamal Haasan) is a leading film star who is immensely popular among his fans; however, he is beset with several personal problems. 25 years back, he had been forced to marry Varalakshmi (Urvashi), the daughter of noted film director Poornachandra Rao (K. Viswanath), despite being in a relationship with a woman named Yamini. He is an alcoholic and his teenage son Manohar (Ashwin) despises him. He has a daughter Manonmani (Parvathy) who was born out of wedlock to Yamini and was raised by Yamini's husband Jacob Zachariah (Jayaram) after Yamini's death. She also despises Manoranjan. He has been diagnosed with advanced stage brain cancer and has only a few more months to live, which is unknown to anyone including his own family. He is treated by his family doctor Dr. Arpana (Andrea Jeremiah), with whom he has an extramarital affair.
One day, Manoranjan decides to withdraw from a film produced by Poornachandra Rao and instead act in a film produced by himself and directed by Margadarsi (K. Balachander), who was his mentor with whom he had fallen out when he married Varalakshmi and started acting in films directed and produced by Poornachandra Rao, who is a sworn enemy of Margadarsi. Despite their personal differences, Manoranjan wants Margadarsi to be the director of his last film before he dies. Margadarsi initially refuses to direct Manoranjan, but when he hears from Arpana about Manoranjan's terminal illness, he becomes moved and accepts to direct Manoranjan. When Poornachandra Rao and Varalakshmi find out about Manoranjan's plan, they get enraged and leave his house along with Manohar. Undaunted, Manoranjan goes ahead with his film.
Manoranjan's film with Margadarsi is titled Uttama Villain. It is a fantasy-comedy film which tells the story of a street artist named Uttaman (played by Manoranjan) who has dodged death several times and hence is believed to be immortal. With the help of a princess named Karpagavalli (played by Pooja Kumar), he works to defeat the evil Muttharasan (played by Nassar), who is obsessed to gain Karpagavalli and the whole Theeyam empire. During the shooting of the film, Manoranjan's condition worsens, and he is hospitalised several times. Margadarsi convinces Manoranjan to inform his family about his condition. This leads to a rapproachment with Poornachandra Rao (and also between Margadarsi and Poornachandra Rao) and a father-son bonding with Manohar. Varalakshmi, on the other hand, suffers a heart attack on hearing the news, though she soon recovers. She apologises to Manoranjan for her actions to forcibly separate him from Yamini so that she could marry him. Later, Manoranjan finds out that a letter he had written to Yamini shortly after they had separated, had not been delivered to her. When Manonmani reads this letter, which tells about Manoranjan's support for Yamini's decision to not undergo an abortion despite being pregnant out of wedlock, her hatred towards her biological father turns to love and she finally accepts him as her father.
After completing the shooting of Uttama Villain, Manoranjan becomes very sick, suffering from delirium as well as slurred speech and movement, and faints. He is immediately rushed to hospital. Margadarsi completes editing the film and plays it in the hospital. The people present in the hospital, including all the loved ones of Manoranjan, enjoy the film, which ends with Uttaman killing Muttharasan in a stage drama (Iraniya Naadagam), thus dodging death yet again. However, in real life, Arpana informs Manohar and Manonmani that Manoranjan had died.
The film ends with a screening of Uttama Villain in a theatre, which is enjoyed by the audience and turns out to be a massive hit.