Urimai Por

The film starts with the loan shark Balu (Mansoor Ali Khan) and his gang coming to ask his loaned money back from a couple who borrowed it. The couple says that they don't have money so Balu kills the man and he brutally rapes the woman (Varsha) in their house. The woman then runs to the nearby police station and commits suicide with a police constable's bayonet. Then the honest Assistant Commissioner of Police Raja Yesu Mohamed (Arun Pandian) beats the rapist Balu up and puts him behind the bar. Few hours later, Raja Yesu Mohamed is pressured by his superiors and the local politicians to release Balu. Balu's lawyers bails him out of jail and Balu vows to take revenge on Raja Yesu Mohamed. Balu, Marthandan (Ponnambalam) and J. K. B (Anandaraj) are brothers and criminals, the elder brother J. K. B is the most dangerous among them.
Chandru (Chandru) and Sumathi, who are in love, secretly arrange to get married soon. A few day later, however, Sumathi disappears after trying to withdraw all of her money from a chit fund company. In the meantime, that chit fund company dupes over many people with the managing director of the company Sathiyaseelan (Dhadha Muthukumar) being found hanging in his office. J. K. B then threatens Chandru to kill his family if he doesn't withdraw Sumathi's missing-person case. When Sumathi's sister Anitha asks Chandru about Sumathi, Chandru lies her that he has never known Sumathi. Anitha then complains to Raja Yesu Mohamed, he beats Chandru up and Chandru tells Raja Yesu Mohamed everything. Thereafter, Raja Yesu Mohamed arrests the chit fund company manager and he confesses everything.
The chit fund company real owner was in fact Marthandan. Before joining Marthandan's company, Sathiyaseelan worked in many chit fund companies and enjoyed a solid reputation by the customers for being honest. The customers deposited a total of ₹25 crore. Marthandan decided to scam the customers, to shut its office and to disappear but Sathiyaseelan refused to cooperate. That day, most investors complained of not having received any returns as promised in its office. Marthandan hanged him in his office's basement and Sumathi, who witnessed the murder, was also killed by Marthandan.
Raja Yesu Mohamed then arrests Marthandan. J. K. B's henchmen manages to kill chit fund company manager, the only witness of the scam and Marthandan is released. J. K. B then uses his power to transfer Raja Yesu Mohamed to a remote village. The people starts demonstrating to not transfer the honest police officer Raja Yesu Mohamed. The Chief Minister (Latha) cancels the transfer and praises him for his work. Once, he is back to his post, Raja Yesu Mohamed beats up Balu and Marthandan and arrests them. Marthandan is then sentenced to life imprisonment and Balu is released for lack of evidence. One night, J. K. B and Balu enter with their henchmen in Raja Yesu Mohamed's house. They beat him up and tie him up with a rope. His wife Ranji (Ranjitha) and his son are gunned down by them in front of the powerless Raja Yesu Mohamed.
Thereafter, J. K. B's match factory is caught on fire and 50 children died during the incident. Raja Yesu Mohamed finds out that the factory didn't fabricate matches but it fabricated grenades. Raja Yesu Mohamed takes a machine gun and goes to J. K. B's house. There, he goes berserk and kills Balu but J. K. B manages to run away. J. K. B is now wanted by the police. J. K. B and his henchmen go to a remote village and threatens the villagers with machine guns. J. K. B then calls Raja Yesu Mohamed, Raja Yesu Mohamed orders him to surrender but J. K. B threatens to kill the villagers if he doesn't come. Raja Yesu Mohamed manages to kill the henchmen and J. K. B begs to spare his life but Raja Yesu Mohamed cut his throat with a Machete.