Unakkaagave Vaazhgiren

Siva Kumar is a leading music director in Tamil film industry. After his wife Menaka’s death, he stopped composing music and prefers to stay away from the society. One day, he gets a letter from his music teacher (Ra.Sankaran), who stays in Ooty. Siva Kumar leaves to Ooty to meet his guru. Sankaran advises Siva Kumar to come out of sorrow and start concentrating on music again. He also requests him to stay in Ooty for a few days so that it will help him overcome the pain. Siva Kumar agrees and stays in Sankaran’s friend’s (Raveendar) guest house. Nadiya is the only sister of Raveendar. Siva Kumar visits Raveendar’s house and plays a veena present there. Nadiya suddenly gets angry and shouts at Siva Kumar not to play that. Later Nadiya feels bad for her rude behaviour and apologizes to Siva Kumar.
Slowly Siva Kumar and Nadiya become good friends. There comes a flash back for Nadiya. Suresh is Nadiya’s relative and they both were in love. But one day suddenly Suresh dies in an accident. Nadiya is shocked by Suresh’s death and she cannot recover from that. Following that, Nadiya prefers to stay without marrying anyone. Similarly Siva Kumar tells his flashback where his wife Menaka dies when the gas cylinder suddenly explodes at his home.
Friendship transforms into love between Siva Kumar and Nadiya. But Siva Kumar understands that it was only he, who hit Suresh in an accident a few years back following which he died. This makes him feel guilty refuses the marriage with Nadiya. Nadiya meets Siva Kumar and asks for the reason. Siva Kumar confesses the truth.
Siva Kumar’s wife was deeply hurt following cylinder explosion. Siva Kumar was driving his car fast as he needs to admit her soon to the hospital. On the way, he hit Suresh who was riding a bike. Suresh was also deeply hurt and requests for help. Siva Kumar at that moment tries to save only his wife and he leaves Suresh without helping. Suresh dies there. Siva Kumar’s wife also passes away. Now Siva Kumar says to Nadiya that though it was an accident, he feels guilty of killing a human and that’s why he refuses marriage with Nadiya. Though Nadiya gets angry first, later she understands Siva Kumar’s position and the two get married.