Athidi

An orphan boy, wanders through Delhi looking for a job. When selling balloons, he sees a girl whose name is Amrita and gives her a free balloon. A few days later, during a storm, Amrita finds the boy getting soaked and gives him an umbrella. The umbrella blows into a place nearby, where Amrita's parents are headed. The boy stops their car and tells them about the dangerous path ahead destroyed by the storm. As the boy has rescued Amrita's parents, he gets adopted by them. They name the boy "Athidhi"
One day, while driving Athidhi to a hostel, they are stopped by a teenager, a psychopath, who mugs them, and shoots the parents. In his rage, Athidhi lunges after the teen and manages to take the gun. Nearby witnesses see Athidhi with a gun, and Amrita's dead parents, and think that Athidhi killed them. The police arrest Athidhi. Amrita also thinks that it was Athidhi who killed her parents and starts to hate him and thinks that she will never see him again.
Fourteen years later, Athidhi (now Mahesh Babu) gets out of jail, and goes in search of the psychopath murderer, and the girl. In Delhi, local goons are feared by Athidhi, as he becomes a hurdle for their illegal operation. Once he runs across a girl named Amrita (Amrita Rao) chased by stalkers from her college. Amrita and Athidhi meet many times. Amrita starts to like Athidhi, but has to go back to Hyderabad before she can confess her love. When she tries to tell him that she is leaving, Athidhi gets annoyed. He continuously tells her to leave him alone, and when she keeps asking to get some coffee, he slaps her. She runs away crying. Later Athidhi goes to Amrita to apologize, but only finds her friend. She tells him that Amrita just wanted to tell him that she's leaving. They go to the cemetery to look for her. Amrita's friend then explains that a boy adopted by Amrita's parents killed them when she was young and Amrita goes to the cemetery to see their graves all the time. Athidhi realizes that she was the same girl that he met in his childhood and leaves for Hyderabad to find her.
When Athidhi also arrives in Hyderabad, and decides to stay with Amrita's family, he learns that a Mafia leader and kidnapper named Kaiser is feared there. Later, Athidhi realizes that this was the psychopath teen who killed the girl's parents. Athidhi stops two attempts by Kaiser to murder Amrita.
Meanwhile, Officer Ajay (Murali Sharma) is trying to track down Kaiser. Ajay dies in an explosion in his house, which was planned by Kaiser. Athidhi figures out that Ajay's real name is Kaiser. Before Kaiser's house blew up, Kaiser managed to escape. When the MLA realizes that Ajay and Kaiser are the same person, the MLA, after succumbing to shock, dies from a heart attack. Athidhi manages to kill many of Kaiser's men. Kaiser kidnaps Amrita and her little niece, and he then kills the little niece. Kaiser leads Amrita to a dungeon, calls Athidhi, and tells him that he will kill Amrita if Athidhi doesn't rescue her in 12 hours. Athidhi kidnaps Kaiser's brother, and trades him for Amrita. Amrita is severely cut and stuck in a certain air tank, but is rescued. Kaiser is killed. Athidhi and Amrita unite, and she realises he wasn't the one who killed her parents.