Ramana, Kutty Radhika

The story begins in Kerala.Vignesh is the four year child of a Doctor (Rajeev).Vignesh has two elder sisters. On his Vignesh's fourth birthday the Doctor was late for the celebration; but he gives Vignesh a trumpet which he likes very much. The same night while they were celebrating vignesh's birthday, a Kabooli (Manivannan) comes with a child who was suffering from fever to the doctor. The doctor doesn't treat the child and ask him to take the child to hospital. A phone comes in the midnight saying that the Kabooli's son is serious. The doctor rushes to the hospital and he takes his son with him. Vignesh is very much attached to the music played by the Kabooli. Kabooli's son Madhavan dies in the hospital and he runs away from the hospital with Vignesh. After 15 years the story shifts to Chennai, where we see Kannas (Thangaraj) and Kadalas (Ilavarasu) who are street boys. They stay with Amminiamma(Sabitha Anand) and they are having in love with her daughters.One of her daughters steals some valuables from the house where she does household works. In order to save them Kannas and Kadalas goes to prison. But when they return they find both are married and move out of the house with sorrow. Madhavan(Ramana) comes in search of Kannas and Kadalas because they went to prison for stealing the trumpet which was at stake. Kannas and Kadalas have buried the trumpet in a ground and now there is a circus tent around it. While trying to take the bugle out; the bugle is taken by Rani (Kutti Radika) the daughter of the circus owner.Madhavan asks for the Trumpet and she refuses to give it. They fight with each other for the trumpet and in the process Madhavan tries to prove that Rani is having an illicit relation with him. Her father Meesaikarar (Anandraj)is furious to know this and he tries to kill Madhavan. But before that Madhavan tells him that he did all this for his trumpet and he has no relation with his daughter. Meesaikarar asks Rani to return the trumpet . Madhavan plays the same music which the Kabooli used to play after getting the trumpet . All in the circus tent are shocked to hear it and it is revealed that Madhavan is Meesaikarar 's nephew. All in the circus tent accepts him wholeheartedly. Madhavan ignores Rani and she tries to commit suicide. Madhavan confesses his love for her. While romancing he plays the same music and the doctor who was passing by hears it and he comes with his daughters and sons-in-law and they forcefully takes him. Madhavan tries to leave but is given sedation and put to sleep. One of the sons-in-law is a police officer and the other is a doctor and they are able to arrest Meesaikarar who comes to release Madhavan . The doctor shows the photograph of dead Madhavan and the newspaper articles reporting the kidnap of Vignesh to the people in the circus tent. Meesaikarar is released under the condition that they would leave the city within 48 hours.. Meesaikarar is also furious and tells that he will marry off his daughter within 48 hours and his son would curse him for being his father. Kannas and Kadalas come to Madhavan 's house and she stops them. She requests Kannas and Kadalas not to take her son back to the streets. Kannas and Kadalas reveal about the love between Madhavan and Rani and also tell She that Madhavan would be happy only with Rani . The doctor also decides to leave the city the next morning. Madhavan sees the door of his bedroom opened. He is successful in getting out of the house through the back door but is shocked to see her there. She tells him that she was the one who opened all doors for him because she couldn't see him sad. She asks him to run with his Rani . The mother blesses her son and he leaves. But when he reaches the circus tent he is badly beaten up by Meesaikarar and party. Rani is not allowed to leave. Kannas and Kadalas take Madhavan from there and they help Rani run away with Madhavan . But Meesaikarar finds them. He tries to kill Madhavan but couldn't.After getting Acception from both family, Rani and Madhavan are getting married that day and all are invited for the marriage. When Kannas and Kadalas and their gang reach for the marriage they are stopped at the gate. When they try to reach to Madhavan ; they are stopped by his relatives. Kannas and Kadalas bids a tearful farewell to Madhavan telling that their place is in the streets and they leave. While leaving they leave a gift with the watchman for Madhavan . Madhavan's brothers-in-law stops the watchman and opens the gift and finds it is the same trumpet . They throw the trumpet away and it falls in front of Kannas and Kadalas . They take the trumpet and plays same tune. Madhavan comes from house and he welcomed to his marriage.He scolded his relatives for those kindlessness. Kannas and Kadalas were takes his bag where they put waste materials and leaves the place.