Vettai

Thirumurthy and Gurumurthy are two brothers in Thoothukudi, with Thirumurthy being the elder. He is very sensitive to violence, in contrast to his younger brother who is brave and rogue. Whenever Thirumurthy is beaten by anyone, he has Gurumurthy finish them. However, Gurumurthy is frequently berated by his policeman father (Nagendra Babu) for beating local people, while Thirumurthy only feels for him.
After the death of their father, the now grown-up Thirumurthy (R. Madhavan) takes on the same job by request of Gurumurthy (Arya), who remains an unemployed rogue. Meanwhile, Thirumurthy falls in love with Vasanthi (Sameera Reddy) and Gurumurthy falls for her younger sister Jayanthi (Amala Paul). Subsequently, Thirumurthy marries Vasanthi and both the brothers shift to Vasanthi and Jayanthi's house. A number of humorous incidents follow, such as Jayanthi's to-be husband is actually revealed to be a clumsy NRI Gautham, who she disapproves of. She openly expresses her love for Gurumurthy, and hence he subsequently marries her. After this, the NRI takes leave.
Thirumurthy rises to fame in his job by having his younger brother secretly punish suspects and save victims for him. Everyone believes that Thirumurthy actually fought the criminals himself, but in reality took credit for Gurumurthy's doings, unknown to them. One of the village's biggest mob bosses Annachi (Ashutosh Rana) finally discovers the truth via a CCTV showing Gurumurthy's face. Enraged, he has his men to severely beat up Thirumurthy, making the latter confident that his brother will continue his job. Gurumurthy, now enraged, proclaims that he made his elder brother a policeman not for fake, but to overcome his fears and to become stronger. Following his recovery, Thirumurthy begins training up under Gurumurthy, and subsequently overcomes his fear and manages to defeat a few of Annachi's men.
Eventually, Annachi and his men break into the brother's house and cause havoc. Thirumurthy and Gurumurthy arrive and defeat all of Annachi's men, however they are unable to beat Annachi. When Annachi falls for a trap set by the brothers, he is defeated but the two brothers quarrel whether to kill him or arrest him. Gurumurthy declares that they will roll a gun and when the gun stops rolling at the brothers, they will arrest Annachi. But if it stops at Annachi, he will be killed. The gun stops rolling at Annachi and Thirumurthy shoots him dead.
As the credits roll, scenes show that Thirumurthy is again congratulated by the local police, but gives equal credit to his brother as well. Through this praise, Gurumurthy also gets to join the police force.