Gamyam

Janaki (Kamalinee Mukherjee) was an orphan, brought up in an orphanage. She crosses many hardships in her life and manages to finish MBBS degree and becomes a doctor. She understands everyday hardships of the common man and wants to serve people as much as she can. She works in a general hospital and spends much of her earnings and time to charity.
On the other hand, Abhiram/Abhi (Sharwanand) was the only son and heir of the multi millionaire GK. He grows up amongst all the luxuries and finishes his education in London. He comes back to Hyderabad and spends much of his time in parties and with women. He sees Janaki while she was trying to help a pregnant woman and gets attracted to her. He accept a challenge with his friends that he would woo Janaki and gets her to bed as soon as possible.
He starts to grow relation with Janaki and slowly gets attracted to her character. But her lifestyle was completely different from him and that causes friction between them. On Abhi's birthday party, Janaki comes to know about his bet to bring her to bed and confronts him. He accepts that he involved in a bet but he truly loves her now and wants to spend his life with her. But she angrily leaves the party and he comes to drop her at her hostel. Their quarrel continues and they meet with an accident, where a woman dies and her son gets orphaned. Janaki survives the accident, but Abhi meets with injuries. When he wakes up at hospital, he cannot get in touch with and her friends tell him that she left for her orphanage. Abhi wants to go there to meet her and ask for her apology.
In the process, he meets a motorbike thief called Gaali Seenu (Allari Naresh), a good-hearted thief and he accompanies him in his journey.The journey Abhi takes changes his life drastically: He is exposed to the hard realities of rural life and its simple joys. The landscapes and the people he meets takes him through an emotional journey that alters his perceptions forever. Be it a teacher who supports orphan kids, a disillusioned ex-militant, a prostitute who craves for love, or his companion Gaali Seenu, they all aid in his journey to self-discovery.