Philips and the Monkey Pen

The movie is the story of Ryan Philip (Sanoop Santhosh) and his family includes his Christian father (Jayasurya),his Muslim mother (Remya Nambeesan), who marries against the wish of their parents. His grand father is Capt.Richard Philip (Joy Mathew). In this story, Ryan is one of the most mischievous boys in his class. He hates math. He is always scolded by his math teacher because he doesn't finish his homework. His bad behaviour and his failing math had become a problem for him at school. One fine day, he develops a crush on his classmate, Joan. He writes a letter to her telling her his feelongs which she rejects. When he meets his antique collector grandfather, he comes into possession of the monkey pen. The monkey pen changed his life. The monkey pen does all his homework for him in return for a few tasks given to him by the pen which he must do. The tasks include wishing your teachers properly, clean your classroom,etc. The school radio program was impressed by his ideas and he spreads his 'Ryan's tips' to the entire school. He turns into a loved character in his school. In one of his pranks, Ryan ended up putting his math sir into police custody. Math sir decided to be sweet to them in his last few days in his school. Ryan was chosen as the leader of an interschool math exhibition. He asks the monkey pen for a topic. Monkey pen promised to give him the topic in a week but he has to do some work. Joan said yes to Ryan's proposal. On the same day, Joan's bus meets with an accident and she passes away depressing Ryan. According to the suggestion of the monkey pen, Ryan talks to his mom which makes him better. The monkey pen gave him a topic after a week 'mathematics in everyday life'. The math exhibition turns out to be a success but their school doesn't win. This depresses Ryan and he confesses to his professor that he was the reason for him to end up in jail. The professor forgives him and asks him to cheer up. Ryan is still thinking about Joan when he sees the note left by the monkey pen asking him to do something for her. He puts up posters in his college informing about the overly packed school buses resulting in accidents. School decided to take strict measures against that. After all this, Ryan talks to his father and his father advices him to always tell the truth, and work hard without relying on shortcuts. Ryan then asks his father whether he was the one doing homeworks for Ryan, for which he denies. His father then walks away with a smile, making the audience realize that all the monkey pen's activities were done by Ryan's father. Ryan after listening to his father, throws the monkey pen into the sea resolving to work hard and not relying on monkey pen.