Kshemamga Velli Labhamga Randi

Ravi (Srikanth), Rambabu (Rajendra Prasad) & Jambulingam (Brahmanandam) work as mechanics in a car company. Geetha (Roja), Janaki (Preethi) & Subbalakshmi (Kovai Sarala) are their wives respectively. These three families live in the same neighborhood. The trios are wayward husbands, their weakness lies in boozing and spending half of their salary on unnecessary items and their wives always find it impossible to make ends meet. Apart from being spendthrifts, they are often borrowing money from the office peon Bezawada (Surya), who in turn is a thug and is known for his ruthless approach towards recovering his money from debtors.
Baby / Bala Tripura Sundari (Ramya Krishna), a supervisor in a garment company, moves into a new house in their neighborhood house with her kind-hearted husband (Prakash Raj). The husbands are not impressed with the newly moved Baby and her husband, as they lead their lives in a well-planned financial manner. Upon seeing this, the wives make up their mind to work and thus, request Baby to recommend a job for them in her company. However, the husbands disapprove of this move because they feel that the wives should depend on them in all aspects. In parallel, they were promised a yearly bonus of pay their workplace, which was later reneged. To voice their anger, the trio threatens the Owner of the company (Chalapathi Rao), which leads to their dismissal.
Jembulingam decides to approach his childhood friend Appala Raju (Ravi Teja), who is a wealthy merchant in Bangalore, for a job. He is offered a partnership at an unbelievable of wage, unaware that the business is all about smuggling drugs--during the police raid they are battered and bruised.
In the meantime, the peon Bezawada creates a ruckus at the homes of the trio and reveals to the wives the details of the debts. To make up for their husband's financial catastrophe, the wives decide to work. The husbands are infuriated at this and this leads to misunderstanding among each couple. After a series of controversies, the wives are kicked out of their houses and are given shelter by the kind hearted Baby and her husband.
Meanwhile, Ravi's daughter is down with a heart defect and is in need of immediate treatment. With no help, the trio finally approaches Appala Raju .He makes a deal, according to which trio must smuggle Ganja for the money they need for the operation. In the process, they are caught and put behind bars and beaten by the police. Ultimately, they realize their follies and the wives bail them out, hoping that they would lead a more responsible and a happy life.