12 Angry Men

In a New York City courthouse a jury commences deliberating the case of an 18-year-old boy from a slum, on trial for allegedly stabbing his father to death. If there is any reasonable doubt they are to return a verdict of not guilty. If found guilty, the boy will receive a mandatory death sentence. The jury are informed that their verdict, whether guilty or not guilty, must be unanimous.
In a preliminary vote, all jurors vote "guilty" except Juror 8, who argues that the boy deserves some deliberation. This irritates Juror 7, who has tickets to the evening's New York Yankees game, but the majority agree that with the defendant's life at stake, an hour for deliberation is reasonable.
Juror 8 says he cannot vote "guilty," questioning the accuracy and reliability of the only two witnesses and the prosecution's claim that the murder weapon, a common switchblade (of which he possesses an identical copy), was "rare". He suggests a secret ballot—from which he will abstain—and agrees to vote "guilty" if the others unanimously vote "guilty", but that otherwise, they should continue to deliberate. In the ballot, a new "not guilty" vote appears. An angry Juror 3 accuses Juror 5, who grew up in a slum, of changing his vote out of sympathy towards slum children. Juror 9 then reveals it was he who changed his vote, agreeing that more deliberation is warranted.
Juror 8 further argues the verbal threat one witness claimed to have heard the boy make to his father: "I'm going to kill you", would have been obscured by the noise of a passing train, and also argues that this phrase is often used by people who do not mean it literally. Juror 5 changes his vote to "not guilty". Juror 11 also changes his vote, believing the boy would not likely have tried to retrieve the murder weapon from the scene if it had been cleaned of fingerprints.
Jurors 5, 6, and 8 question the witness's claim to have seen the defendant fleeing 15 seconds after hearing the father's body hit the floor since he was physically incapable of reaching an appropriate vantage point in time due to a limp caused by a stroke. An angry Juror 3 shouts that they are losing their chance to "burn" the boy. When Juror 8 accuses him of being a sadist, Juror 3 lunges at him and yells "I'll kill him, I'll kill him!", restrained by Jurors 1 and 7. Juror 8 calmly retorts, "you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?", securing his earlier argument. Jurors 2 and 6 change their votes, tying the vote at 6–6.
Juror 4 doubts the boy's alibi of being at the movies because he could not recall it in much detail. Juror 8 tests how well Juror 4 remembers previous days, which he does, with difficulty. Juror 2 questions the likelihood that the boy, who was nearly a foot shorter than his father, could have inflicted the downward stab wound found in the body. Next, Jurors 3 and 8 conduct an experiment to see whether a shorter person could stab downwards on a taller person. The experiment proves the possibility, but Juror 5 steps up and demonstrates the correct way to hold and use a switchblade; revealing that anyone skilled with a switchblade, as the boy would be, would always stab underhanded at an upwards angle against an opponent who was taller than they, as the grip of stabbing downwards would be too awkward and the act of changing hands too time-consuming.
Increasingly impatient, Juror 7 changes his vote to hasten the deliberation, which earns him the ire of Jurors 3 and 11 (both on opposite sides of the debate) about using his vote frivolously. When pressed by Juror 11, however, Juror 7 insists he truly believes the boy is not guilty. Jurors 12 and 1 then change their votes. Outraged, Juror 10 vents a lengthy condemnation of slum-born people, claiming they are no better than animals who kill without sympathy. Juror 5 and Juror 11 turn their backs on him. All other jurors except Juror 4 follow. As Juror 10 begs the others to listen to him, Juror 4 responds, "I have. Now sit down and don't open your mouth again." Juror 10 sits in a corner by himself. Juror 8 calmly speaks about the evils of prejudice as they all return to their seats.
When the remaining "guilty" voters are pressed to explain themselves, Juror 4 states that, despite all the previous evidence, the woman from across the street who saw the killing still stands as solid evidence. Juror 12 then reverts his vote, making the vote 8–4.
Juror 9, seeing Juror 4 rub his nose (which is being irritated by his glasses), realizes that the woman who allegedly saw the murder had similar impressions in the sides of her nose, indicating that she wore glasses, but did not wear them in court out of vanity. Other jurors, including Juror 4, confirm that they saw the same thing. Juror 8 adds that she would not have been wearing them in bed and argues that she wouldn't have had time to put them on when she witnessed the murder, thus allowing her to view it improperly. Jurors 12, 10, and 4 change their vote to "not guilty", leaving only Juror 3.
Juror 3 gives a long and increasingly tortured string of arguments, building on earlier remarks that his relationship with his own son is deeply strained, which is ultimately be why he wants the boy to be guilty. He finally loses his temper and tears up a photo of him and his son, but then breaks down crying and changes his vote to "not guilty", making the vote unanimous. The jurors then leave the room to reveal their verdict to the judge. In a show of compassion, Juror 8 helps a distraught Juror 3 with his coat as they head out.
Outside, Jurors 8 (Davis) and 9 (McCardle) exchange names and all of the jurors descend the courthouse steps to return to their individual lives.