Kirik Party

The story starts with a song introducing the characters of the film. Karna a first year student meets Saanvi final year student and daughter of a police officer. Everyone in the campus likes Saanvi and even Karna's friend. But Saanvi gets close to Karna and they both become good friends. Saanvi is a writer of a book about sex worker's life and she knows the sex worker personally. The sex worker is pregnant and one day she gets labour pain. Saanvi along with Karna takes her to the hospital. The sex worker bears a baby girl and keeps the baby's name as Saanvi. Karna holds the baby and gets emotional. Saanvi always saw Karna as a fun, loving and cheerful guy. Seeing Karna as innocent and emotional Saanvi suggests Karna to discover his second half.
They become close friends and starts to go out together. In the girls hostel, girls were celebrating the final year students send off party meanwhile even the boys enter the hostel and everyone starts to sing and dance. The boys leave the hostel, Saanvi and her friends decides to drink whereas Saanvi refuses to do so but due to her friends she sips a bit of vodka. While dancing Saanvi falls from the hostel rooms window and dies. Karna gets upset. Everyone starts to speak about Saanvi in wrong way even Saanvi's father gets angry about Saanvi getting drunk. Seeing all this Karna gets angry and starts to beat his senior.
After three years Karna is in his final year, he becomes stubborn and rude. He is in the final year and Arya his junior doing her first year in electrical stream falls in love with Karna. Karna and his friends get apart due to fight and he forms another group.
Karna stands for the college election and also wins the election and becomes president of the college. Arya wants to change Karna. She wants to make Karna as he was in the first year of college. Arya and Karna go for a long drive where Karna and Arya do some mischievous things which brings smile on Karna's face. Arya takes Karna to Saanvi's house unknowingly. Karna sees Saanvi's parents and her photos in the house and gets emotional. Saanvi father apologizes for not trusting his daughter and thanks Karna for the diary which he gave after Saanvi's death. Saanvi's dad gives the diary to Karna and asks him to read it. Karna leaves the house and on his way he goes to the sex worker's house whom he and Saanvi had helped during her labour pain. Karna sees the sex workers child and gets emotional as her name is also Saanvi. Karna leaves the house and meets Arya, she tells him that he is lost in his past and asks him to come to the reality and leaves from there giving an emoji badge to him.
Karna gets stuck in Arya's words and leaves on bike to another place. Karna decides to sell the car which he and his friends bought in the first year and give the money for the sex worker's child's education. In his trip Karna learns that he is in love with Arya. He goes back to college. It was his final day in college. Karna writes two letters one to Arya and another one to Principal stating that he and his friends locked him in the car and blamed his other friends. In Arya's letter he writes that he loves her and wants to be with her. Karna and his friends get back together forming the same bond as first year. Principal forgives Karna and his friends without reading the letter. In the send off party Arya comes with the letter and tells Karna that he is really good human being and he accepted his mistake and asks him to give the letter to the Principal not to her. Everyone gets shocked and Karna realizes that he swapped the letter. Principal reads the letter and gets to know that Karna loves Arya, his daughter. In the end principal shouts at Karna.