Chungking Express

Taiwan-born cop He Qiwu's is dumped by his girlfriend May on April 1. He chooses to wait until the month of May before moving on. Every day he buys a tin of pineapple with an expiration date of May 1, because May enjoyed pineapples. Meanwhile, a woman in a blonde wig tries to survive in the drug underworld after a smuggling operation goes sour.
On 1 May, Qiwu approaches the woman in the blonde wig at the Bottoms Up Club. However, she is exhausted and falls asleep in a hotel room, leaving him to watch old movies and order food. He shines her shoes before he leaves her sleeping on the bed. She leaves in the morning and shoots the drug baron who set her up. Qiwu goes jogging and receives a message from her on his pager wishing him a happy birthday. He visits his usual snack food store where he collides with a new staff member, Faye.
Another police officer is also dealing with a breakup, with a flight attendant. Faye secretly falls for him. One day, the flight attendant visits the store and waits for the man. She learns he is on his day off and leaves him a letter containing a set of keys to his apartment for the snack bar owner to give him.
Faye uses the keys to repeatedly enter the man's apartment to clean and redecorate. She finally tells him of the letter, but he delays reading it. Gradually, her ploys help him cheer up. He realizes that Faye likes him and arranges a date at a restaurant, California. Faye does not arrive, and the snack bar owner, her cousin, goes to the restaurant to tell him that Faye has left for California, America, after a last-minute decision to see the world. She leaves him a boarding pass drawn on a paper napkin dated one year later.
Faye, now a flight attendant, returns to Hong Kong. She finds that the man has bought the snack bar and is converting it into a restaurant. He asks her to stay for the grand opening, and asks her to send him a postcard if she leaves. As Faye is about to leave, he presents the boarding pass, wrinkled and water-stained, and she writes him a new one.