Apur Panchali

The film follows the journey of Subir Banerjee the child actor who portrayed "Apu" of Satyajit Ray's masterpiece Pather Panchali. The events take place in two time periods. While the present day events are shot in color the past events are in black and white. Parallels are drawn between Subir's life and the Apu trilogy throughout the film. The film opens with a film school student Arka (Gaurav Chakrabarty) who comes to deliver a letter, an invite to attend a prestigious award ceremony in Germany to an older Subir Banerjee (Ardhendu Banerjee). Now retired, lost-in-the-crowd Subir initially doesn't want to receive the letter but he eventually agrees after Arka convinces him. Subir recounts his days working for Pather Panchali to Arka. They also visit an old broken house where the film was shot. Arka collects a brick from the house as a souvenir. Later, as they prepare for their journey to Germany, Subir narrates his life story to Arka.
After Subir's brother went away to work in Dhanbad, Subir; now in his 20's; had to give up his football career to take care of his ill father and help his mother in her household chores. On the advice of his friend Subir gets married to Ashima (Parno Mittra), the daughter of a wealthy villager in Burdwan, after his father passes away. Two years into their marriage, Ashima gets pregnant.
In the present, Subir and Arka open up to each other. Arka talks about his late father, whom he deeply admired. Subir reveals that due to jaundice, Ashima gave premature birth and the baby died soon after. Ashima went into depression and died, too. Subir thus became heart-broken and isolated himself.
As Arka and Subir board the plane to Germany, Arko thanks Subir; for this was his first business-class trip; to which Subir says, he ought to thank "Apu", since it is his first time on a plane.
Subir, on request of his mother, comes to return all of Ashima's belonging to her native house. Her grandmother asks him to bathe in the local pond and stay for lunch. Subir goes to the pond and as he prepares for bathe, a young boy asks him if his name is Apu, to which Subir weepingly nods (which actually means that the young boy is none but Arka!)
As the credits roll, Subir Banerjee is shown being felicitated at the International Preis für Film und Medianmusik, Germany.