Pa..Va

It focuses on existential aspects of life through two close octogenarian friends Pappen and Varkey. Pappen is an industrialist who shares his good moments with jackfruit loving, antique collector Varkey. Pappen shares his fear of dying to Varkey, but Varkey blends the concern with humor and encourages him. Soon after, Varkey dies from what he loves the most - A jackfruit falls over him. Varkey's death disturbs Pappen. Pappen sees Varkey in his dreams and continues to talk to him in daytime. His loving sisters and help Kunju takes care of him. Pappen feels his interment should be at his hometown with his family and friend Varkey. But his current church doesn't agree with it under the fear of losing a wealthy family and an economic source that could affect the church in this transition. Pappen has dreams and thoughts about a girl whom he and Varkey had pined over. Pappen under Varkey's spirit's interest goes on to find whom their love interest liked the most and finds out painfully she was interested in evangelism. Pappen visits Varkey's house to meet his wife and learns she is moving to America and Varkey's coveted antiques are considered as silly objects like used to dry clothes and such. The church committee and the priests do their best to block Pappen's move towards his hometown church. Meanwhile, Pappen falls sick and is in Comma. This motivates his family members to buy Pappen's ancestor's land in his hometown and a burial plot. The priest who is motivated by financial interests and fame is visited by Varkey's spirit for not allowing Pappen's request. The priest signs the permission letter and dies from the shock and is seen laughing in spirit form with Varkey pondering his absurdity while he lived. Pappen wakes up from his Comma and does what the priest wished to do for fame and dedicates it to the priest. Soon after Pappen dies and is met with Varkey in heaven they both plan to cross the barriers between them and their love interest in heaven using their wit and strength of friendship.