 Oddball

This is a dramatisation based on true events.[2]
On Middle Island off the coast of Warrnambool, Fairy Penguins had made their home, but foxes had found the island and had reduced the population of penguins. After the beginning events of the movie (which shows the penguins walking up the beach) being narrated by Deborah Mailman, Emily Marsh (Sarah Snook) is seen walking to the island and counting the minimal number of penguins left after another attack by foxes along with her co-workers Zoe (Tegan Higginbotham), Paul Watt (John Leary) and her friend Jack Jones (Richard Davies). Meanwhile an eccentric chicken farmer named Swampy Marsh (Emily's estranged father played by Shane Jacobson) is seen walking through his barn full of chicken barn after showering while eating a raw egg, feeds his two dogs Missy and Oddball breakfast.
Elsewhere in the centre of Warrnambool, 9-year-old Olivia Marsh (Emily's daughter and Swampy's granddaughter played by Coco Jack Gillies) packs her lunch and opens a gift from her mother’s love interest Bradley Slater (Alan Tudyk) whom of which she and Swampy disprove of, as she gets driven to school by Swampy accompanied by the mischievous Oddball and tries to get out, Oddball jumps out and wreaks havoc all over Warrnambool and eventually destroying a tourism attempt set up by Bradley. In the courthouse later in the day, Oddball is given one last chance at behaving or he will get put down if he enters the city again, that night Swampy finds an injured penguin who was attacked by a fox on Middle Island and takes him back to his house, where a fox attempts to eat it but is scared off by Oddball. Surprised by Oddball's sudden change in his ability to protect other animals, upon realising that someone might be sabotaging the island to turn it into a whale-watching station he comes up with an idea to save the dwindling number of penguins. Olivia agrees with the idea enthusiastically and names the injured penguin 'Pocket', they begin training Oddball and eventually convince Emily to go on a holiday to Melbourne with Bradley where he proposes that they and Olivia move to New York City. While Emily and Bradley are away, Olivia and Swampy sleep on Middle Island for the night so they can see if Oddball is up to the challenge, they also release the now healed Pocket back into the wild. Upon seeing that Oddball successfully guards the penguins, Swampy decides to put Oddball on the island alone for a night to see how he copes.
After Oddball successfully fends off a fox and protects Pocket and his Significant other, he and Olivia decide that the dog can guard the birds nightly. After the penguin numbers are steadily rising, Emily accidentally finds out about Swampy's plan after Olivia blurts it out in fear of her knowing, she approves and warns that Oddball could get into trouble if the council finds out. After finding a two-way audio surveillance walkie-talkie in her handbag used by Swampy and Olivia to listen to her conversations with Bradley while on a date with him. Swampy assumes that Bradley is sabotaging the penguins for being so eager about the whale watching idea formed by a man named Rich (Jason Geary). That night after going home from dropping Oddball off to the island, Oddball tries to fend off a fox but gets shot by a tranquilliser gun off-screen by an unknown person, Swampy declares him missing and accuses Emily of running away after she proposes following through Bradley’s plan of moving away with him and Olivia and says that the sanctuary is done. Outraged and offended by her father's comments, Emily says that she put more effort into the penguin sanctuary than he did when her mum died. Swampy later finds him in the back of the animal control van where he finds a matching wound to a tranquilliser dart. The animal catcher (Frank Woodley) says to Swampy that he can't save Oddball and drives off after letting him have one last moment with the dog. After talking to Mayor Lake (Deborah Mailman) who expresses her fondness of him, finding out that Pocket and his female friend have laid an egg, he teams up with Olivia to save Oddball while Emily and Jack go to his house to find some of his tranquilliser guns, fox cages and tranquilliser darts missing, and Emily accidentally shoots him in the foot.
After saving Oddball, Swampy and Olivia meet Emily and the slightly drugged Jack at the beach connecting to Middle Island, after Oddball and Olivia sneak to the island and are followed by the worried Emily and Swampy, Oddball finds the person sabotaging the island releasing a fox. After a brief confrontation Emily calls out to the person assuming it is Bradley to stop, but the person reveals them-self to be Zoe. she explains that Rich the whale-watcher was her boyfriend and wanted the whale-watching plan to go through, she then grabs Pocket's egg and attempts to stomp on it but is stopped when Emily and Olivia tackle her, Emily unknowingly and accidentally kicks the egg off the cliff but it stops before it can reach the sea. Zoe is shot with a tranquilliser dart by Jack, and Oddball carefully retrieves the egg with guidance from Swampy, Emily and Olivia. they return the road where Zoe is loaded into a police car under the influence of the tranquilliser liquid and Emily politely dismisses Bradley's idea to move away and reconciles with Swampy. The sanctuary is saved and the Maremma conservation project is approved while it is implied that Zoe was sentenced to life for willful animal endangerment.
The dog used both in the true event and in the dramatized film is a Maremma Sheepdog. The original conservation project in which Meremma sheepdogs were trained to defend the penguins from foxes began in 2006. [2]