Sandamarutham

The movie begins with an investigation of a girl who has been dead along with a small vessel. That small vessel is actually a weapon as it contains explosive chemicals (a bomb named "Ophalaska") with its changing colours. Now comes the quarreling between two gangs, in which one gang is headed by Sarveshwaran ( R. Sarath Kumar ). He lives in Kumbakonam along with his men. Another scene opens in Pollachi, where Surya (also R. Sarath Kumar ) is an unemployed youth. He lives in a bungalow with his joint family. Maha ( Meera Nandan ) falls in love with Surya. Surya sees a metal sheet written in Chinese language. When he magnifies that, he sees Chinese script along with some Tamil words. Sarveshwaran starts talking to the portrait of his mother who is no longer alive. He then reveals his childhood story. Sarveshwaran is the son of a handicapped woman who is a florist. He sees so many kids wearing wrist-watches, buying lollipops, etc. He asks his mother for the money so that he can also do the same things what the kids do regularly. He is the student of a corporation school. He also asks his mother to get him admitted in a government school so that he can learn to speak English. His mother pleads to principal of government school to enroll him in that school. But, the principal denies it and he accidentally pushes his mother from the balcony, resulting in her death. Sarveshwaran kills the principal the same way the principal killed Sarveshwaran's mother. Now comes the present, in which Sarveshwaran assures his mother that he'll earn a lot of money. He's then revealed to be a terrorist. Thirumalai is a cop who investigates a lorry which contains a lot of small vessels that explosive chemicals with its changing colours. This lorry actually belongs to Sarveshwaran. Thirumalai gets confused to see hospital getting converted into a lodge, injured men suddenly getting recovered. He learns that it is all because of Sarveshwaran. Selvam(Arun Sagar),who is one of Sarveshwaran's men, stabs Thirumalai. In spite of stabbing, he survives that and calls Surya for help. Surya suddenly gets shocked seeing Thirumalai dead. Surya is then revealed to be an undercover cop. He decides to foil all the plans made by Sarveshwaran to destroy the whole India using a bomb called WHI (We Hate India, planned to keep bomb in 101 various places of India). Surya also finds the matter that Sarveshwaran has made contacts with Chinese terrorists for helping him so that India is no more. Surya, along with other three undercover cops, go to Sarveshwaran's house and kill his two men. Sarveshwaran, in order to exact his revenge, kidnaps the whole family of Surya, in which Maha is included. A very few members from Surya's family is killed by Sarveshwaran. Surya keeps Selvam under his custody. When Surya and other three undercover cops along with Selvam go to Sarveshwaran's lair, Surya is left alive while the other four who came with him are killed. He saves his kidnapped family after beating Sarveshwaran's men to death. He also sees Maha being tied there with a timer bomb. Surya then confronts Sarveshwaran. An ensuing fight goes between both of them. After Surya defeats Sarveshwaran, Sarveshwaran falls unconscious. Surya deactivates the bomb and saves Maha. He suddenly sees Sarveshwaran missing. When he goes in search for him along with Maha, Sarveshwaran suddenly flies stabs Surya in his stomach. But Surya somehow survives the stab and shoots Sarveshwaran dead. And, in the end, he gets admitted to hospital.