Uchu Sentai Kyuranger the Movie: Gase Indaver Strikes Back

An independent Unit of Jark Matter under the mysterious Geth Indaver approaches Earth with the intent of obliterating it with their battle station Geth Star. Shou Ronpo boards the Geth Star to confront Geth Indaver while Kyurangers attempt to reach him while fighting through the Moaiders, but a mortally wounded Ronpo is jettisoned into space after learning Geth Indaver's plan to acquire the Destroyer Kerberos. With Ronpo presumed dead and Earth having 72 hours before being destroyed, the Kyurangers decide to find Kerberos first in hopes of using the legendary beast. But the stone needed to summon Kerberos was split into three fragments placed within the perilous Cerberus System, with the group splits into three teams while Raptor 283 remains on the Orion.
While the group of Champ, Stinger, and Hammy end up in a wrestling match on the ice Planet Bull before the defeated Omo Indaver steals the stone, the group of Balance, Naga, and Spada are ambushed by Geth Indaver on the forest planet Dober where they learn their enemy is a revenge-driven former Rebellion member named Hoi Kouro. When Kouro learns that Lucky and Garu obtained the stone fragment that Kaal Indaver was to retrieve from Planet Husky, he takes his leave while challenging the Kyurangers to face him on Earth. With only one hour left by the time they returned to Earth, the Kyurangers ponder their course of action as Lucky tells them they cannot give up no matter what. Joined by Koguma SkyBlue as they battle Geth Indaver's group before losing their fragment to the opposition, the Kyurangers nearly got killed when they were saved at the last second by Ronpo, who reveals that Tsurugi saved him at the last second. With Lucky telling Geth willing to wipe out a planet for his petty revenge is unforgivable, the Kyoryugers transform and manage to destroy Kaal while defeating Omo.
Quickly overpowered and outnumbered as he is hit with the All Star Crash, Geth summons Kerberos to attack the city with Ryu Commander holding him off as Shishi Red, Ookami Blue Blue, Oushi Black, Chameleon Green, and Kaijiki Yellow board their Voyager Machines to stop Kerberos. Tsurugi offers his help by sending Shishi Red the Hercules Kyutama, using it force his cockpit into Keroberos and turn it the Kerberos Voyager. Shishi Red then uses the Kerberos Kyutama to have the Keroberos Voyager combine with the Oushi, Hebitsukai, Chameleon and Kajiki Voyagers to become Kerberios. As Raptor counts down while Gigant Houou restrains an enlarged Oumo, Lucky uses the Hikari Kyutama's Moon Mode to enlarge Kerberios with all nine main Kyurangers and Koguma SkyBlue piloting it. Kerberos manages to destroy the Geth Star while Ryu Commander and Gigant Houou destroy their opponents, the stone once more scattered across the universe as the Kyurangers celebrate.