Darr @ the Mall

Asia's largest mall "Amity Mall" is ready for inauguration, although there is controversy surrounding the recent deaths of construction workers and the mall staff, leading the media to label the mall as haunted. Vishnu (Jimmy Shergill) is mysteriously recommended for the job of chief security officer on the eve of the inaugural party.
On the night of the party, the owner of the mall Mr. Manchanda (Arif Zakaria) and his associate, Mr. Khan (Asif Basra), children of Mr. Manchanda, Ahana (Nushrat Bharucha) and Naveed along with their friends are also at the party. One by one, a ghostly apparition targets the teenagers and mall investors. Meanwhile, Vishnu slowly uncovers clues about the identity of the ghost.
As the party ends, Mr. Manchanda, Mr. Khan, their children and Vishnu along with the mall's event manager find themselves locked inside after all the guests have gone home. The six of them struggle to stay alive as the ghost continues its killing spree.
Through a flashback the ghost of a child reveals to Vishnu, that the mall was built over what used to be an orphanage, that burned to the ground two decades ago. Vishnu’s connection to the killings is that he was one of the orphans living with the nun and other children at the orphanage.
Mr. Manchanda and Mr. Khan tried to get the nun to sell the orphanage, but when she refused, they had the orphanage burnt down. Vishnu (known as Arjun as a child), managed to escape but due to an injury he lost his memory of what transpired.
The horrific smokey apparition is the ghost of the nun who kills all those involved in the crime. The ghosts of the dead children play their part in the killings as they simultaneously warn, befuddle and scare the people within the mall killing not only those involved but guiltless people as well.
After the nun kills Mr. Manchanda, she also attempts to kill Ahana, till Vishnu begs the nun to stop as she has already killed the men responsible. The movie ends with the nun sparing Ahana and she and Vishnu are shown walking out of the mall.