Onibaba

The film is set somewhere in Japan, in the mid-fourteenth century during a period of civil war. Two wounded soldiers flee from pursuers on horseback in an enormous field of thick reeds which are taller than a man. Suddenly the soldiers are killed with spears by unseen assailants. Two women appear, take the soldiers' armour and weapons, and drop the bodies in a deep hole. The women return to a small hut and rest, exhausted from the activity. The next day they take the armor and weapons to a merchant named Ushi (Taiji Tonoyama) and trade them for food. The merchant tells them news of the war, which is driving people across the country to desperation. As they leave, Ushi makes a sexual proposition to the older woman, who rebuffs him. A neighbor named Hachi (Kei Satō), who has been at war, returns. The older woman (Nobuko Otowa) asks Hachi about her son, Kishi, who was forced to be a soldier along with Hachi. Kishi is the husband of the younger woman (Jitsuko Yoshimura). Hachi tells about his experience in two fights, where general Takauji Ashikaga attacked his division. He says that he and Kishi deserted. Later, Kishi was killed when they were caught stealing food from farmers, while Hachi barely escaped. The older woman warns the younger woman to stay away from Hachi, whom she blames for her son's death.
One beautiful day the younger woman is at the lake when Hachi approaches her, offering fish. He shows interest in her sexually and makes advances before the older woman interrupts. They then see two samurai chasing one another and fighting on horseback. They jump in the lake and keep fighting, swimming closer to the three as they go. As one samurai approaches, asking for help, Hachi stabs him to death with his spear. He then orders the women to get the other man, whom they drown in the lake. The two women take their armour as before and Hachi sells it to Ushi, giving them their first substantial meal in a long time. Despite being warned to stay away from Hachi, the young woman is seduced by him and sneaks out of her hut every night to have sex. The older woman learns of the relationship and is both angry and jealous. She tries to seduce Hachi herself, but is coldly rebuffed. She then pleads with him to not take the young woman away, since she cannot kill without her help.
One night, while Hachi and the young woman are together, a lost samurai wearing a demon (Hannya) mask (Jūkichi Uno) forces the older woman to guide him out of the swamp. He claims to wear the mask to protect his face, the most handsome in the land, from harm. She tricks him into plunging to his death in the pit where the women dispose of their victims. She climbs down and steals the samurai's possessions and, with great difficulty, his mask. Under the mask he is horribly disfigured, which the older woman notes with spite. As she leaves, the older woman then gets an idea to keep her daughter-in-law away from Hachi.
At night, as the young woman goes to see Hachi, the older woman blocks her path, wearing the samurai's robes and mask, frightening the woman into running home. During the day, the older woman further convinces the younger woman that the "demon" was real, as punishment for her affair with Hachi. The younger woman avoids Hachi during the day, but continues to try and see him at night. During a storm, the older woman again terrifies the younger woman with the mask, but Hachi, tired of being ignored, finds the younger woman and has sex with her in the grass as the devastated old woman watches from afar. Hachi returns to his hut, where he discovers another deserter stealing his food; the deserter abruptly grabs his spear and stabs Hachi, killing him.
The older woman discovers that, after getting wet in the rain, the mask is impossible to remove. She reveals her scheme to the young woman and pleads for her to help take off the mask. The young woman agrees to remove the mask after the older woman promises not to interfere with her relationship with Hachi. After failing to pull it off, the young woman breaks off the mask with a hammer. Under the mask, the older woman's face is covered with sores, as the samurai's had been. The young woman thinks the older woman has turned into a demon, and flees; the older woman runs after her, crying out that she is a human being, not a demon. The young woman leaps over the pit, and as the older woman leaps after her the film ends.