Onbadhule Guru

The story begins with a wedding, having the bride but the groom, Guru, missing. The bride then decides to call Guru's friend, Billa, who doesn't know where Guru is and in fact, doesn't know where he is. A flashback then begins.
Running away from their lives due to various problems involving them, Billa, Ranga (Sathyan) and Kochadaiyaan (Aravind Akash), who are good friends, decide to live a bachelor life. However, before they head off, they decide to invite their good friend, Guru (Chaams). Despite the fact that Guru's wedding is in a few days time, he decides to join in the gang to live the life of bachelors. The 4 friends then take an oath to live a bachelor's life and not reveal the truth that they are married. When they reach the city of Bangalore, they approach Charles (Premgi Amaren), a college mate of theirs, who is now a multi-millionaire of Bangalore. Charles at first was scared of them as the four of them teased him in college. But after a change of mind, he decides to help them live their bachelor's life and bring them to a party. At the party, they see a model, Sanjana (Lakshmi Rai) who danced with them. After the party, Charles brings them to a private condominium where they stay. At the condo, they see Sanjana, the girl whom they saw at the party. The four of them try their best ways to get Sanjana as their girlfriend through many mischieves.
After all the adventures they had together with Sanjana, Guru decides to have a bachelor party as he is about to get married. However, the next day, Guru is missing and the four friends end up being drunk and in police uniform. Billa, Ranga and Kochadaiyaan get caught by DSP Balram Naidu (played by director K.S. Ravikumar) and soon are advised by him to love their wives and not leave them. After their encounter with Balram Naidu, they decide to search for Guru but in the end get kidnapped. The trio end up in a warehouse and surprisingly, Sanjana appears and to be even more shocking, she appears as a gangster. It is then revealed that she is the mastermind who kidnapped Guru as the 4 of them kept following her to win her heart, which was all caught on videotape. She then asks them to give her Rs. 2 crores of money to release Guru such that he can make it for his wedding, and also such that they can take the videotape with them to avoid it being shared to others. They then get the required money, give it to Sanjana and run out of Bangalore, vowing to never see Sanjana ever again and taking good care of their wives.
Back in Chennai, they arrive in the nick of time for Guru's wedding, but just before the wedding commences, Apple (Geetha Singh), Billa's wife, stops the wedding and threatens everyone by using a time bomb attached to her waist. Billa consults her and he apologises. This follows with the 4 of them, and Charles, running away from his wife, reuniting with their wives. Charles also reunites with his new wife, which is his college teacher whom he love back in college. But yet again, they run away and thereafter, the story continues.