Velaiilla Pattadhari 2

The film opens 2 years later after part#1, with civil engineer Raghuvaran (Dhanush) winning the Civil Engineer of the Year 2016 Award working for Anitha Constructions and is an executive now with a parking spot. His wife Dr. Shalini (Amala Paul) becomes an authoritative, nagging wife who controls him. She has resigned her job to take care of the household, after marriage. Raghuvaran is also dismissive about his wife getting another job. Raguvaran efficiently completes construction projects assigned to him, with the help of about 200 unemployed young Civil, Mechanical and Electrical engineers from part #1. Vasundhara (Kajol), chairman of a big construction company in South India, sees raguvaran Engineer of the Year 2016 Awards and finds out about him. She makes Raghuvaran a job offer, but he humbly refuses.
Later, Raguvaran's project team and vasundara's top team are invited at same time to exhibit their models for a proposed private Medical college and hospital construction, to a very rich and native Trader. vasundara exhibits heavy pride and ego, while raguvaran explains his project in simple manner. The trader gives the projects to anitha constructions. Raguvaran also provides some polite advice to vasundara outside the building. This offends her and she begins to go after him, placing one obstacle after another. First, she uses her influence in the state cabinet, to force the trader to give the project back to her. She then makes counter-bids to all Anitha construction projects at a lower price. So anitha constructions begins to loose its own projects. Raguvaran learns of this and quits his job, to save his first company.
He is approached by the son of a delhi-based construction mogul, with an idea of starting a new construction company with 50-50 shares. Raguvaran agrees, puts his house under mortgage of 5 million Rs and starts "VIP" constructions with the 200 unemployed engineers. The don't start ti get projects for a month. But due to word of mouth, the get offer from Mr.Prakash (Saravana Subbaiah), a greedy businessman who wants to build a theme park in a marshy land. Ragu's gang get excited but the soil tests prove them wrong and so he declines the project. Prakash bribes an executive of vasundara and makes her start on the same project. Ragu's team start a protest and a statewide uproar causes the project to be stopped by the government. Prakash is caught up between various lawsuits filed across the state. This causes a bad name and loss of projects to vasundara. To eliminate ragu, she targets his company. She anonymously buys the 50% shares held by ragu, when it is legally up for sale to create funds. Ragu is fired from VIP constructions by Vasundara, and his 200 VIP friends quit immediately.
That night, prakash sends goons to kill Ragu, but ragu beats them all up. He thinks Vasundara had sent them and goes to her HQ office. Vasundara is alone in the building as she is thinking about the loyalty of all the unemployed engineers towards one man, raguvaran. Raguvaran initially berates and then advices Vasundara, and starts to leave. But, the office is flooded and they are trapped in their floor. The Chennai floods of 2015 occur and they co-operate to find buiscuits and wine in the top floor. Due to their conversation, vasundara understands her mistakes and tries to make friends with raguvaran. The next morning raguvaran brings vasundara to his home to introduce her to his family.