Akhil

The story begins at thousands of years ago with a voice narrating how the Earth would face destruction in future due to the powerful UV rays of the Sun. Few Saints in India foresee this destruction, make a sphere with most powerful and strong metals which possess an immense power that absorbs the harmful UV rays hence it protects the Earth. Since it has to be placed at the Earth's equator they give the sphere to a tribe in Congolia, Africa. They leave from there by warning them that it should be kept at the Earth's equator during every Solar eclipse if they miss even one of the eclipse then the earth should face major destruction. The African tribe name the Sphere as Jua (Name of the Sun in Africa).Now the story moves to present day where a Russian don is plotting to capture the Jua, so that he will have the solution when the world is in destruction and thinks he can rule the world. For this he seeks the help of an Indian don.The Indian don sends his henchmen to the tribe to get the Jua but Bodo, a young graduate of the tribe takes it and escapes. Now the story moves to Hyderabad where a young and carefree orphan named Akhil (Akhil Akkineni) fights in streets for earning and celebrates with friends. One day, Akhil meets a girl, Divya(Sayesha) and immediately falls in love with her.He impresses her in a couple of meetings by operating her rabbit which needs a heart surgery with the help of K.V.Rajendra Prasad (Rajendra Prasad), Divya's college principal. Later Divya invites Akhil and his friends to her marriage. Akhil plots to break the marriage but finds out that Kishore (Vennela Kishore), Fiance of Divya is in love with some other girl and unites Kishore with his lover making Divya's dad (Mahesh Manjrekar) furious,who is a Don in India as shown in the beginning of the movie.Disheartened Divya leaves for Europe finding Kishore. Akhil gets to know Divya is in Europe and follows her. After reaching her in Europe, Divya asks Akhil to act him as her lover thinking that she can make Kishore envy. Meanwhile, Mambo, thug of Indian don searches for Bodo to get the Jua and shoots him in a chase.Bodo falls at Divya's apartment and she treats him as she is a Medico.The very next day Akhil tells Divya that he was the one who united Kishore and his lover breaking Divya's marriage. She gets mad at him and tries to leave but is kidnapped by Mambo who saw Divya while treating Bodo. Akhil gets injured while chasing them and got hit by Divya's dad who came to know that he loves Divya. He falls unconscious under a tree where a chain with a sun shaped locket falls over his neck. Divya's father catches Akhil and through him he gets to know Mambo kidnapped his daughter. He calls Mambo and orders him to release his daughter, but Mambo refuses. Akhil finds out Mambo's place and leaves for Africa with Kishore to rescue Divya.
After reaching Africa, at airport a church father asks Akhil to hold his bible, cross and white coat while he goes to the restroom. Johnson and Johnson (Brahmanandam), a cab driver who came there to pick up the Priest mistakes Akhil as the Priest and drives him in his car. Akhil asks him to drive to Congolia, Johnson resists to take him there as it is a dangerous place but due to Akhil's insistence takes him to the Place. Akhil along with Kishore and Johnson reach Mambo's place and fights with his men and takes Mambo's brother while holding him hostage rescues Divya, who still hates him. In the meantime Divya's father comes to rescue her from Mambo but gets trapped there. Mambo calls Divya and warns her if they don't return to his place he will kill her father. They all return to Mambo's place to rescue Divya's father. Mambo asks Divya about where was Jua kept, she misguides him telling the wrong place. Mambo after reaching the place finds out he was fooled by Divya and goes back to her. By then they all manage to escape and hide in a forest where Akhil fights with a tiger to save Divya which makes Divya forgive him and her father likes and accepts him as his son-in-law.The next day they go to Congolia village where the African tribe guarding the Jua live. At the same time Russian don and Mambo with his men reach there and shoots Akhil but a young man of the tribe guards him by giving his' life. Akhil asks him why he sacrificed his life for him then the young man points towards the sun shaped locket in Akhil's neck. He learns that he has some connection with this Jua and he only should find it. Mambo again tries to shoot Akhil then Divya tells the exact place where Jua was hidden. She tells them that Bodo dropped the Jua in a river full of Piranhas and Killer Fish while he was escaping from Mambo. Akhil owes that he will bring the Jua back to the tribe. After getting the Jua by fighting the pirahnas in the river, Akhil kills Mambo and his men. Meanwhile, the Russian don escapes in a helicopter with Jua. Akhil jumps onto the helicopter when it is about to take off and kills the Russian don and gets the Jua, while the pilot causing the helicopter to hit a volcano. Before the explosion Akhil jumps out with a parachute and handover the Jua to the tribal head,who places it back at the Earth's equator and rescues the world from destruction. The movie ends on a happy note finally Divya uniting with Akhil.