Elsamma Enna Aankutty ( എൽസമ്മ എന്ന ആൺകുട്ടി )

The setting of the story is a picturesque village in the high ranges of Kerala, called Balanpillai City. Elsamma (Ann Augustine) is the eldest among 4 daughters of KPAC Lalitha. After her father's death, she started working as a newspaper agent/ local reporter/ delivery girl to earn some extra income. Unnikrishnan alias Palunni (Kunchacko Boban) is a milkman and close friend of Elsamma who never revealed his love towards her. Kunnel Pappan(Nedumudi Venu) and Elsamma's family share very close ties and stay almost like one family. Elsamma is also a staunch activist who wants to close the local toddy shop run by a strongman, Sugunan (Vijayaraghavan). This brings her into regular conflict with him as well as the Panchayat member Ramanan (Jagathy Sreekumar).
Paalunni confides his love for Elsamma to Pappan who promises to convey this to Elsamma when the time is right. Pappan's daughter in law passes away and his grandson, Aby (Indrajith, who shed a few extra pounds) & his sister come to live with their grandparents in Balanpillai City. Aby is attracted by Elsamma and tries to flirt with her, but she rebuffs him.
Sugunan calls Aby and his friends who are visiting the village, and tells them to entrap Elsamma and her sisters and create disrepute so Elsamma would leave his illicit liquor business alone. Aby tells Pappan and Elsamma's mother that he wants to marry Elsamma. The wedding gets fixed without the knowledge and consent of Elsamma and Pappan does not object, in spite of knowing that Paalunni likes Elsamma. Elsamma later catches one of Aby's friends, Jerry (Manikuttan) in a compromising position with Aby's sister Sherin (Mridula Murali). When Aby comes to know about this, he beats up Jerry. In retaliation Jerry spills the beans about how Aby's proposal to marry Elsamma was just a gimmick to help the liquor baron to get even with Elsamma. Elsamma later forgives Aby but urges him to go back to where he came from. The movie ends with Elsamma also telling Palunni that she likes him.