Dubai

Major Ravi Mamman (Mammootty) arrests two LTTE terrorists in Bangalore, who are on a mission to assassinate the Indian prime minister on his visit to the city. On the run, he identifies the government minister K.K.Nair (Janardanan) as the main conspirator behind the assassination plot. Nair anticipates a political coup after the death of the prime minister, through which he hopes to seize power. However, Mamman's attempts foil his ambition. Nair tries to buy out Mamman, who refuses his offers. In an attempt to save himself, Nair shoots Ravi Mamman, but the bullet accidentally hits Susan, Mamman's girlfriend, who dies on the spot. Nair fabricates a criminal case against Ravi Mamman, of killing Susan. Ravi is court-marshalled and sent to jail. Upon release, Ravi leaves to Dubai, where he emerges as a successful businessman in a short time. His business empire is spread all over the Middle-East. He is assisted by Chandran Nair (N. F. Varghese), an over-enthusiastic NRI. Ravi's sudden acquisition of power and influence makes him an enemy of many who are eagerly waiting for a chance to finish him off.
Swaminathan (Nedumudi Venu), an accountant and a fatherlike figure for Ravi, is in deep financial trouble. He wins a lawsuit and gains several million Dirhams, but Victor Sebastian (Cochin Haneefa), his cunning attorney, cheats him by conspiring with Kishan Narayan Bhatta (Nirmal Pandey), an underworld don from Mumbai. Victor kills Swaminathan and his wife (Urmila Unni), after forcefully transferring properties to his name. Ammu (Anjala Zaveri), Swaminathan's daughter reaches Dubai from Bangalore for the funeral. Ravi Mamman promises her that he will recover her property. Bhatta tries many ways to resist Ravi Mamman. Lieutenant Kiran Pothan Cheriyan (Biju Menon), once a subordinate of Ravi in the Army, is in love with Alice, the sister of Ravi. Ravi Mamman, while coming to know about this relationship, decides to make Kiran a responsible guy and hands over the reins of business to him. Chandran Nair, who was holding huge power over Ravi, finds Kiran to be his enemy and joins Bhatta. In the absence of Ravi, he plots the murder of Kiran and Ammu. However they are saved by an Arab servant. Ravi Mamman realises the role of Chandran Nair behind the plot. Bhatta asks Ravi to visit him in his resort to agree a final settlement, where he discovers K.K.Nair to be the brains behind Bhatta. K.K.Nair is killed in Delhi at his guest house by Ravi, who flies back to Dubai to face Bhatta. Ravi succeeds in saving Ammu with the help of Kiran, and during the ensuing struggle, Victor and Chandran Nair are killed. On his way back again, they are blocked by Bhatta, but in the violent fight that follows, Bhatta is killed after getting his head struck by the fan of a helicopter. The film ends with Ravi, Ammu and Kiran leaving in the same helicopter which killed Bhatta.