Ameerin Aadhi Bhagavan

The film begins in a city in Andhra, where the CBI raid a rich local politician's house. The Chief Officer is shown to be Aadhi (Jayam Ravi), who orders to seize all illegal items found. The politician is arrested, but he requests to come to the CBI office in his own car. It is later revealed that no CBI raid was planned on his house and all that happened was a hoax. The politician gets angry and orders to hunt down the men who cheated him in the name of CBI.
Aadhi is a gangster, specialised in drug and arms dealing. The hoax CBI raid was one of his missions to loot the politicians. Aadhi is living alone, as his mom and sister are angry with him for being a gangster. As it goes, Aadhi meets Karishma, (Neetu Chandra), a beautiful hotel waitress, who often gets humiliated by her boss. Aadhi falls for her, saves her, and takes her home to be with him. During a drug deal, Aadhi is being attacked, and he gets shot. Karishma saves him, treats his wounds, and saves his life. Aadhi plans to leave to Mumbai, where he gets attacked in the airport, and it is revealed that Karishma is a part of the criminal gang that was trying to kill Aadhi. Then Aadhi is taken hostage, where another victim reveals the true story about Karishma. Her name is not Karishma at all, but she is Rani Sampatha, the right hand and partner in crime of a very powerful, cruel, ruthless criminal named Bhagavan Alias Mumbai Bhagavan (Jayam Ravi) who looks exactly like Aadhi.
Bhagavan is a very feminine charactered guy, who loves to wear makeup and walk, talk, and do everything like a girl, but he still has a weakness for good-looking girls. Bhagavan does so many jobs for his customers, such as include murder, robbery, and kidnap. At one such instance, Bhagavan gets angry by the behavior of a politician's brother and murders him. The politician gets angry and promises to get Bhagavan murdered. As the politician is much more powerful than Bhagavan, he goes into hiding. But the politician makes the search very intense and is very keen to find Bhagavan.
Arumugam comes to know about Aadhi, who resembles Bhagavan. So, she traps him and makes him fall into her plan, so that he can be substituted as Bhagavan, on whom the politician wants to take revenge. In the climax, Aadhi kills Karishma and Bhagavan brutally. The film ends with Aadhi leaving the place while Bhagavan also moves away from the place, which indicates that Bhagavan is alive and the film also hinting for a sequel.