Vamsoddarakudu

Suryam (Nandamuri Balakrishna) is a physical director in a local college and lives with his mother Varalakshmi (Raadhika), a widow. The college in which Suryam work belongs to an Industrialist called Sudarshan Rao (Charan Raj). Sudarshan Rao is the brother-in-law of the business magnate Rajagaru (Krishnam Raju). Rajagaru has two sons, Anand (Brahmaji) and Ashok (Ravi Babu).
Sudarshan Rao has a son, Srikanth (Srihari) and a daughter, Surekha (Sakshi Shivanand). Surekha is a student in the college. Satya (Ramya Krishna) works as a junior PD (Physical Director) in the same college. Suryam and Surekha used to have regular fights. After a few days, they fall in love. Satya too loves Suryam.
When they visit 'Khajuraho' on a college tour, Satya implicates Suryam that he tried to rape her. After a couple of scenes, we come to know that Sudarshan Rao inducted Satya into the college to malign the image of Suryam so that his daughter Surekha hates Suryam in that process. Later on, we come to know that Satya is the daughter of a conspirator (Giri Babu). She is asked to play the trick on Suryam in order to save her ailing father. Sudarshan Rao agrees for the marriage of Suryam and Surekha. But he wants to know why the mother of Suryam is appearing as a widow even though her husband is alive. Suryam caught unawares with this question, as he is not aware that his father is alive.
Later on Suryam comes to know that Rajagaru is his father. Suryam's mother used to work as a maid in Rajagaru's house. When Rajagaru gets involved in a murder of a thief, she takes up the responsibility and gets ready to go to the jail. Moved by the unconditional sacrifice done by his maid, Rajagaru married his maid. Sudarshan Rao, the brother-in-law of Raja, makes sure that the maid is thrown out of the house by doing manipulations. The maid comes out of the house and raises her kid Suryam. After knowing the flashback, Suryam decides to go back to his father and win his laurels and thereby set the house right.