Motta Shiva Ketta Shiva

ACP Shivakumar IPS (Raghava Lawrence) is a corrupt police officer, who gets himself transferred to Chennai City and misuses his power to gain benefits of money in unorthodox methods. During this process, he also encourages a local Member of Parliament named GK (Ashutosh Rana) who has become a huge headache to Kirubakaran (Sathyaraj), the Police Commissioner of Chennai. Shiva happens to be Kiruba’s son, who is angry on the latter as his supposed negligence killed his mother (Sukanya) and his just born sister, though Kiruba actually left his wife in the hospital to save several families in a riot. Unaware of this, Shiva left Kiruba and joined an orphanage and became an IPS police officer to seek revenge on his father. During his life at Chennai, Shiva also meets two women; Jaanu (Nikki Galrani), who is a journalist working for Sun News and Nithya, a deaf-mute philanthropist, who works in a coffee shop and is a considered a younger sister to Shiva. He loves Jaanu and expects her to reciprocate the same, only to be rejected by her because of his corrupt nature. Nithya is killed by GK's brother Sanjay (Vamsi Krishna) when she tries to save a techie from being assaulted sexually near HITEC City.
Her death enrages Shiva causing him to turn against GK. GK wants to make Sanjay a politician while Shiva challenges GK to save Sanjay from getting arrested. GK manages to kidnap the techie, but with the help of a transgender, who also is the primary witness, Shiva arrests Sanjay with a non bailable warrant. He also challenges GK to bring Sanjay out of jail within three days. Kiruba and Shiva are reunited and Shiva's marriage with Jaanu is approved. On the third day, GK's men kidnap the transgender and Jaanu. Kiruba, along with his team go to the spot to save the witness. Shiva is unable to save the transgender, as she is killed by the kidnappers. He receives a call from GK, who has kidnapped both Jaanu and Kiruba and challenges Shiva to save them by bringing Sanjay to him. Meanwhile, Kiruba and his team along with the transgender are killed by GK and his partners. Sanjay and his friends are released from the jail and Shiva plans to kill all of them with the help of an old Non-Resident-Indian (NRI) turned actor, "Tsunami Star" Subhash (Rajendran).
First, Shiva and his team assault one of GK's partners and his son and throws them on a railway track. They die with a non stop super fast train passing over them. The other partner and his son are intoxicated and their car is made to collide a static truck. Subhash enters the spot in disguise as a taxi driver and presents himself as a witness to that accident citing over drunk being the reason behind those two deaths. GK's two key henchmen are killed by transgender people and police, with the help of Subhash, make the media believe that they were killed in a stampede caused by fans of actress Tamannaah, when they came to know that she is inaugurating a mall. Subhash faces the media in disguise as a fan of Tamannaah and reconfirms the same.
GK plans to escape to Delhi along with Sanjay to gain his position as a Member of Parliament again with high security, but is trapped by Santhosh, the head of police security who failed to arrest GK in the past in an illegal land acquisition dispute. They reach the same spot, where Kiruba was killed and after being severely assaulted by Shiva, the duo are made to sit in a car on which petrol is poured. The police and Shiva shoot the car and the duo die in a blast. Subhash enters the spot as himself, who says to the media that he visited this place as a part of location scouting and the duo died in a blast as they were smoking in a "no smoking" area which caused the blast. Kiruba is revealed to be alive, when Shiva hears his heart still beating and has him admitted in a hospital, while reuniting with him once more.