Battles Without Honor and Humanity

In Kure, Hiroshima 1946, when Shinichi Yamagata gets into a scuffle with a yakuza, his friend and fellow ex-soldier Shozo Hirono has the Yamamori family help get payback, but ends up killing the yakuza himself and is sent to prison. In prison, Hirono becomes sworn brothers with Doi family member Hiroshi Wakasugi, who ultimately has Yoshio Yamamori put up Hirono's bail. The Yamamori yakuza family was formed soon after, with Hirono, Yamagata, Tetsuya Sakai, Seiichi Kanbara, Uichi Shinkai, Masakichi Makihara and Shuji Yano swearing loyalty to Yoshio Yamamori. Boss Doi bore witness to the ceremony, with Kenichi Okubo as go-between.
In 1949, Hirono gets into a fight with Toru Ueda at a gambling den. Because Ueda is a relative to Okubo, Hirono commits yubitsume in apology to Okubo. Okubo accepts but asks Yamamori to take Ueda into his family and perform a favor for assemblyman Shigeto Nakahara; eliminating a vote for his rival Shoichi Kanamaru who is supported by the Doi family. Sakai kidnaps a voter allowing Nakahara's side to win and goes into hiding afterwards. Doi finds out due to Kanbara bragging about it and beats him severely then goes after Yamamori. However, Wakasugi prevents bloodshed becoming a guest member of the Yamamori family, while Kanbara, having betrayed Yamamori's location has no choice but to switch to Doi.
Six months later, Doi starts breaking into Yamamori turf and plans to unite with the Kaito family in Hiroshima City. When the other Yamamori members back out, too afraid to go up against Doi: except Wakasugi whom Hirono will not let break yakuza code by killing his own boss and Sakai who is still in hiding. Hirono instead volunteers to kill Doi and is promised the reward of becoming Yamamori's successor. He successfully kills Doi, wounds a guard and escapes. While hiding out, Hirono is visited by Kanbara who claims Yamamori sent him to move Hirono elsewhere. However, it is actually a trick and Hirono, under pursuit from the Doi's has no choice but to turn himself in to police. Wakasugi assassinates Kanbara in revenge, but an anonymous tip to police leads to a raid of his hideout and he is killed.
With the Korean War in 1950s, the Yamamori family thrives and expands in the immediate years, but internal strife begins when members start dealing philopon due to the high price the boss takes off their earnings. Sakai, who follows the boss' orders not to sell, feuds with Shinkai when he discovers Shinkai's underling Toshio Arita is dealing the drug, but agrees Yamamori's take is too high. The family adopts Sakai's plan to each become self-sustaining, which results in a large drop in the boss' funds, with only Shinkai and Yano objecting. Shinkai is contacted by Kanamaru to reform the Doi family and get rid of Sakai, and Yamagata is killed for tailing them and finding this out. When it is revealed that Yamamori is selling the drugs he confiscates from the other members for himself, Sakai and Ueda threaten the boss that without them he would be nothing. Yamamori has Ueda killed by Arita and a war breaks out. It proves to be very one sided with Shinkai and Doi men being killed in the streets before Arita is arrested and Shinkai killed attempting to escape.
Hirono is then paroled due to a commutation of sentence, with Yamamori reneging on his previous offer to make Hirono his successor and lying to him to get him to kill Sakai. Hirono decides to hear Sakai out first, by asking Sakai to make peace with Yamamori and build the family again. But Sakai instead forces Yamamori to retire and forms a company with plans to unite with the Kaito family. When Makihara informs Sakai that Yano plans to get to the Kaito family first, Sakai has Yano killed. Makihara then contacts Hirono to join him on the supposedly retired Yamamori's side, however, Hirono refuses and instead announces he is breaking off his pledge to Yamamori just before realizing that it was them who tipped the police off to Wakasugi. He then goes to see Sakai and announces they are no longer brothers, and they each vow to kill the other, although Sakai lets Hirono go for now, he is assassinated immediately after by Makihara's men. At Sakai's funeral, which has Makihara and Yamamori in attendance, Hirono shoots up the service before threatening Yamamori and storming off.