Maanja Velu

The film starts with a flashback. ACP Bose (Karthik Muthuraman) is a sincere police officer happily married. He lives with his parents and younger brother Velu (Arun Vijay). Velu is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Anjali (Dhansika). Enters Umapathi (Chandrasekar), the villain who is notorious for settlements and land deals. Anjali comes across ACP Bose when she is on a field trip from her college with her friends. She gets friendly with his daughter Pinky who tells her that she would get her introduced to her uncle Velu and they would make a good pair. It turns out that Velu studies in Anjali’s college and soon after, they come to know each other and get close.
ACP Bose investigates the case of Umapathi, whom no one has been able to touch. He is even involved with a land deal involving crores of money which is completely illegal and others including the D.I.G is involved. When the chairman of the bank who has lent money for the deal demands the money back as the deal hasn’t worked, Umapathi eliminates him. The people who are customers of the bank take to the streets and try to damage the bank. ACP Bose arrives there, arrests the manager and takes him away. Somehow Umapathi comes to know where the manager has been taken. He arrives there with his men and the D.I.G and nearly kill ACP Bose. Umapathi asks his men to dump the body. On the way, somehow Velu gets involved and ultimately rescues his brother from a burning bus and the elder brother dies in the younger brother’s arms. The entire media and the people think that ACP Bose has swindled off all the money as they have been made to believe that by the D.I.G. Velu decides to take revenge on the people who killed his brother. Firstly he kills Dinesh (Hemanth), his friend and Umapathi’s henchman. Then he kills the D.I.G (he had been taken to jail and he had escaped). Umapathi also kidnaps the entire family of Velu. Velu goes to an old temple where he kills Umapathi. He spills the beans that ACP Bose is dead and rescues his family under the supervision of the new D.I.G Gautham Ganesh (Prabhu Ganesan) who supports him wholeheartedly.