Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu

Rambabu (Pawan Kalyan) is a hot-blooded, high-tempered mechanic who has a kind heart, as well as a tendency to react to various social incidents shown or published in the electronic media. After studying his mentality, Ganga (Tamannaah), a cameraman from NC Channel, offers him a job as a journalist, and he accepts it. Ex-Chief Minister Jawahar Naidu (Kota Srinivasa Rao) tries to collapse the Government and regaining the CM post and is strongly supported by his son Rana Babu (Prakash Raj), a newbie to politics. Meanwhile, a reputed journalist Dasaradh Ram (Surya) brings the proofs and required information about the scams and atrocities committed by Jawahar Naidu, only to be brutally murdered by Rana Babu.
Though everyone including the police are aware that Rana Babu is the murderer, none dares to tell the same. Rambabu valiantly opposes him and gets him arrested. However, Rana Babu is released from the jail with the help of his political friends, and he challenges Ram Babu that he would be the CM by using the media. A war starts between Rambabu and Rana Babu when Rana Babu enters politics. For gaining political mileage, Rana Babu starts a movement opposing the presence of other states people in Andhra Pradesh and makes it a big movement. He even injures Ram Babu severely but he is saved by Smitha (Gabriela Bertante) , who works for a rival news channel. Rambabu joins Smitha's news channel after getting discharged from the hospital.
Rambabu tricks Rana Babu into making some controversial statements on air, thus destroying the momentum of the movement. For making his position in the politics strong, he makes Jawahar Naidu deliver his last speech and murders him, which is recorded by Rana Babu's driver, who calls Ram Babu and Smitha to show them the video. Smitha shoots Rambabu, steals the video, and makes a deal with Rana Babu to disclose the whole for a hefty price. With the support of all the young blood influenced by his speech, Rambabu reaches the building where Rana Babu hosted a party for his colleagues.
Rambabu sends a message to the commissioner of police that Rana Babu's guests should vacate the building to avoid themselves being killed along with Rana Babu by the people. Before leaving, Smitha orders to telecast the video, only to be killed by Rana Babu. Rana Babu comes outside with his pistol and shoots Rambabu. The film ends with Rana Babu dying in the stampede of the people and Rambabu reaching the ambulance accompanied by Ganga, whom he loves and who he is being loved by.