Naayak

Siddharth Naayak kills Central Minister Rawat's brother, Taxi Seth, and his henchmen to save three men. Rawat orders a CBI Officer to catch the criminal so that he may be executed. In CgTrix, Hyderabad there works a software engineer, Cherry, who is a dead ringer for Siddharth.[5] Cherry's uncle Jilebi, the CEO of CgTrix, unexpectedly runs into trouble, angering the local Don, Babji. Cherry saves Jilebi from Babji by manipulation, but in the process becomes romantically interested in Babji's sister, Madhu. After Cherry saves several children from a mafia don, Madhu reciprocates his love. This angers Babji and he goes to kill Cherry, but is shocked when he sees what he thinks is Cherry assassinating the DGP of West Bengal. The CBI Officer also misunderstands, believing that Cherry is responsible for the two murders, although Siddharth is the real murderer. With Jilebi, the CBI Officer goes to Kumbh Mela at Varanasi in pursuit of Cherry. As Rawat is offering holy rituals, the CBI Officer catches Cherry and holds him, however Siddharth rises from the Ganges and stabs Rawat with a trident, after which he fights with all of Rawat's guards. As he is about to kill Rawat, the CBI Officer attacks him with a taser and arrests him, thereby exonerating Cherry.
Cherry comes to know the story of his look–alike. Siddharth visits his sister's house in Kolkata to pursue higher education. He shares a strong bond of love and affection with his sister, her husband, and his sister-in-law Nandini. Siddharth and Nandini are about to be married. Meanwhile, his brother-in-law, who is a doctor, attends a case of a minor who was injected with steroids by Rawat's second Brother Badvel, and then forced into prostitution. When he complains to the police, he is unaware that the police officer is friends with Badvel, and is betrayed to Badvel, who kills him to keep him quiet. Siddharth is unable to bear this and kills Badvel, becoming a public sensation overnight.
Shortly after, Siddharth seizes all of Rawat's property and distributes it to the public. Rawat kills the Minister, and puts the blame on Siddharth, who he stabs and throws into the Ganges. Rawat becomes the Minister within a week, while Siddharth survives, planning to kill Rawat. Cherry, after reading about his story, decides to help him. He, along with Jilebi, goes to the CBI Jail where Siddharth is in custody. He introduces himself, and hatches a plan to get Siddharth exonerated. In court, since Siddharth admits that he committed the crime, the Judge orders that he be put to death.
Cherry enters the court, stating that he is Siddharth Naayak and the one standing there is his fan. Siddharth tells exactly the same story, which causes some confusion. The Judge orders the CBI to find out the real identities of the two persons within ten days. During that time, Siddharth manages to bring Madhu and her family, including Babji and his paternal uncle, to Kolkata, uniting Cherry and Madhu. The next day, Rawat makes a call to Siddarth to come to his place to save the kidnapped school children.
But Cherry eavesdrops on the conversation, and goes to Rawat's place ahead of Siddharth, where he is severely attacked by Rawat. Siddharth reaches the place after watching a MMS sent by Rawat,[6] saves Cherry and the two kill Rawat. The case is dismissed due to lack of evidence, and Siddharth is freed. In the end, both Siddharth and Cherry unite with their respective lovers.