Mildred Pierce

Monte Beragon (Zachary Scott), the second husband of Mildred Pierce (Joan Crawford), is shot. The police tell Mildred that they believe the murderer is her first husband, Bert Pierce (Bruce Bennett), after he is interrogated and confesses to the crime. Mildred protests that he is too kind and gentle to commit murder, and reveals her life story to the investigating officer in flashback.
Mildred and Bert are unhappily married. Mildred must bake and sell pies and cakes to support the family after Bert splits with his business partner, Wally Fay (Jack Carson). Bert bitterly accuses Mildred of favoring their daughters, especially Veda (Ann Blyth), over him. Their quarrel intensifies after a phone call from Bert's mistress, Maggie Biederhof (Lee Patrick), and they decide to separate.
Mildred retains custody of her two daughters, the 16-year-old Veda, a bratty social climber and aspiring pianist, and 10-year-old Kay (Jo Ann Marlowe), a tomboy. Mildred's principal goal is to provide material possessions for Veda, who longs for a social status above that of her family and is ashamed of her mother's work as a baker. When Mildred is forced to take a job as a waitress, she tries to hide the fact from Veda, but Veda learns the truth and treats her mother with derision.
While Mildred is on a weekend trip with Monte at his beach house, Kay contracts pneumonia and dies. Mildred channels her grief into work and throws herself into opening a new restaurant. With the help of her friend and former supervisor, Ida (Eve Arden), Mildred's restaurant is a success. Wally helps Mildred buy the property, and soon she owns a chain of restaurants throughout Southern California. She dotes on Veda, who remains spoiled, selfish and disrespectful of Mildred's common background and choice of occupation.
Veda secretly marries a well-to-do young man, Ted Forrester, for his money and position, but his mother objects to the marriage. Veda agrees to dissolve the marriage, but claims she is pregnant with his child and demands ten thousand dollars in support. Enlisting Wally's help in her scheme, Veda persuades the Forrester family to pay her, then smugly confesses to Mildred that she lied about her pregnancy to obtain money. Outraged, Mildred tears up the check and throws Veda out of the house.
Bert, who says he cannot bear to tell Mildred about Veda's latest escapade and must show her instead, takes her to Wally's nightclub, where Veda is performing as a lounge singer. Mildred, distraught after seeing several sailors in the audience wolf-whistle at Veda in her sexy costume, begs her to come home, but Veda sneers and says her mother can never give her the lifestyle she wants.
Desperate to reconcile with her daughter, Mildred coaxes Monte Beragon, a bankrupt but socially well-connected playboy, into a loveless marriage to improve her social status. Monte's price for marriage is a one-third share of Mildred's business to allow him to settle his debts. Mildred agrees, and Veda, eager to live out her dream as a debutante, pretends to reconcile with her mother and moves into Beragon's lavish mansion.
Eventually the cost of supporting Monte and Veda's rich lifestyles — and Beragon's underhanded ploy to retain his share in the business while causing his wife to forfeit her own — bankrupts Mildred, forcing her to sell the restaurant chain. After driving to his beach house to confront Monte, Mildred finds Veda in his arms. Veda scornfully tells her mother that Monte loves her and intends to marry her after divorcing Mildred, who runs to her car in tears. When Monte spurns Veda and tells her he would never marry her because she is a "rotten little tramp", she shoots him.
Veda begs her mother to help her conceal the murder. When Veda plays on her guilt and blames Mildred's parenting for her sociopathic behavior, Mildred agrees to help her elude justice. Fed up with Wally's misdeeds — helping Veda blackmail the Forresters for money and hiring her to sing in his seedy nightclub, ascenting to Monte's sneaky business moves against her, and constantly making sexual overtures toward her — Mildred tries to pin the murder on Wally by luring him to the beach house, where Monte's corpse is lying. Police officers arrest Wally when he flees in panic after seeing the dead body, but the investigating officer tells Mildred that Wally cannot be the killer because he has no motive.
After Mildred ends her flashback, the detectives admit they knew all along that Veda committed the murder. Mildred tries to apologize as her daughter is led away to jail, but Veda rebuffs her. Mildred leaves the police station to find Bert waiting for her outside.