Dumm Dumm Dumm

Ganga (Jyothika) lives in a village and secures state second rank in XII board exams. Although she wishes to pursue engineering, her father Veluthambi (Murali) plans to get her married to Adhithya aka Adhi (Madhavan) who also hails from the same village. Adhi is a fun loving person who has just completed his law degree and prefers to enjoy his bachelor life and is not interested in marriage.
Adhi comes to the village and meets Ganga trying to convey his feelings. To his surprise, Ganga also is not interested in marriage as she wants to study engineering. Both of them decide to somehow stop the wedding by creating some problem before the wedding but all their effors go in vain as both the families get even closer following their plans.
Slowly Adhi and Ganga start liking each other and decide to get married. But to their shock, on the day before wedding, a small quarrel erupts between Veluthambi and Adhi’s father (Delhi Kumar) while playing cards. Adhi’s father accuses Veluthambi of cheating during the game which was actually done by Adhi’s relative (M.S.Bhaskar). Veluthambi retaliates to prove his genuineness. The argument which started in a funnier tone gets serious slowly and immediately both of the families decide to get the wedding cancelled.
Ganga is sent to Chennai to pursue engineering and she stays with her uncle Sivaji (Manivannan) who is a lawyer by profession. Adhi who also lives in Chennai meets Ganga and they both now plan to get the cancelled wedding arranged again by their families. Adhi comes in place of his friend Jim (Vivek) as a junior lawyer to assist Sivaji thereby meeting Ganga everyday. Sivaji finds that Adhi has not come as a junior and instead for some other reason. But he misunderstands that Adhi is in love with his own daughter and fears that his daughter might elope with Adhi someday.
Finally, Adhi’s father understands that Veluthambi has not done any mistake and apologizes to him. Adhai and Ganga are united in the end.