JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai (Direct-to-video)

Jayakumar (Sharwanand), commonly known as JK, is a mid-20s guy who doesn't care about family. Instead, he is obsessed with chatting on Facebook, partying and passing time with friends. At work, he has a group of friends with similar interests. They all plan on going for a New Year Party.
2 years later, JK is shown to be a changed person - very invested in developing, earning money and taking care of his family. He is shown to make business models with an aim of earning a lot of money in a short period of time. He has goals such as getting his 2 sisters married, ensuring that his brother gets good education. In attempts to start business, he goes to meet a bank manager at his home. As they had to wait for the bank manager to come, JK and his friend notice that the house is not well-maintained and take on the job to organise it. Upon returning, bank manager appreciates their work and tells JK and his friend that it'd be very helpful if they can help clean homes regularly. He also suggests that about 150 other flats in his apartment complex would also appreciate this service. This becomes JK's first business venture. For this, he also ropes in help from his school friend Nithya (Nithya Menen). Together, JK, NIthya and their friends go on to become very successful with multiple projects.
Later, the reason for change in JK's behaviour is explained. When JK and friends were planning to go for a New Year Party, Ravi also wants to go with them and becomes good friend of JK. Ravi comes from a very poor background and his family is dependent on him. After the party, the gang meets with an accident resulting in Ravi's death and a serious head injury for JK. JK has only a couple of years left in his life. This makes him realise the importance of life and decides to make his family happy and make sure that they have enough money before he dies. However, JK does not tell this to anyone but Nithya. In the end, JK leaves the responsibilities of business and his family to Nithya and goes off to the USA (where he would likely die because of his illness). Nithya is shown to be running the business and living with memories of time spent with her best friend, JK.