Engal Kuladevi

Sabapathy, a retired postman, has two daughters — Meena, born to his first wife and Shanthi, born to his second wife Valli. Sabapathy arranges marriage for Meena with Vasanthan who is the manager of a match-box company. Mangalam is a schoolmate of Valli. She poisons Valli's mind saying Vasanthan is more suitable to Valli's daughter Shanthi. Valli tries to coax Sabapathy but he is determined and marries Meena to Vasanthan. During the first night of Vasanthan and Meena, someone has mixed poison in the milk and it comes to their knowledge. They leave Sabapathy's house and live in another house. Meena becomes pregnant and comes to Sabapathy's house for child-birth. She delivers a boy, Kumar but becomes restless and insane after the child-birth. Vasanthan suspects foul play and takes Meena and child with him. While travelling in the train, while Vasanthan is sleeping, Meena in her deranged state gets out of the train. Vasanthan is shocked when he wakes up and find Meena is missing. A rumour spreads that Meena is dead getting caught under the train and her body was mutilated. Now Shanthi comes to live with Vasanthan and to look after the child. Sabapathy learns that it was Valli who poisoned Meena and he dies of shock. In the meantime, Meena was saved by some people while she was lying by the side of the railway track an admits her to a hospital. She is cured and comes in search of her husband. She sees that Shanthi is now living with her husband and looking after her child well. She does not want to disturb their life and goes to live with her friend Maragatham who is also the wife of Vasanthan's office-mate. After the death of Sabapathy, Valli comes to live with Shanthi and Vasanthan. Though Vasanthan does not like her presence, he allows her to stay. Valli poisons the child and the child also becomes insane. Shanthi comes to know that it was her mother who is the culprit. She gets wild with Valli. Vasanthan suspects Shanthi and takes the child to Maragatham and asks her to look after the child. Meena, who was staying with Maragatham comes to know there is a problem brewing in Vasanthan's home. She asks Maragatham to visit Vasanthan's home and find out what is happening. How everything is solved forms the rest of the story.[4]