Adivishnu

A good tale gone wrong, the story begins with hero Adi Vishnu (Arun), an IT genius, who has the first rank in IIT. His father, Srinivas Rao (Kota), is a retired teacher.
Adi's only ambition is to make his father's dream comes true and that is to go to America and get a good job.
Adivishnu (Arunkumar) is the son of a school teacher (Kota Srinivasa Rao) from Palakollu. Adi's father brings him up with discipline and he Studies well and becomes a software engineer. [an error occurred while processing this directive] He prepares an anti-virus software chip which is very useful for multi-national companies. Adi joins a multi-national company, which agrees to send him to the US for further research. As he does not have passport, Adi applies for it and the official (Sunil) demands bribe to clear the passport. By that time, the entire state is rocked by kidnaps, murders and other such crimes. Yadagiri (Pradeep Rawat) and his wife Jangamma (Aiswarya) used to rule the mafia kingdom and used to perpetrate all the crimes. Home minister Raghupati used to pamper Yadagiri, and the latter kills Raghupati's mentor (Balaiah) to avoid embarrassment to Raghupati. Incidentally, Anjali (Sneha) took photographs when the murder took place and submits them to police. With the mafia network, Raghupati and Yadagiri finds about the evidence and start chasing Anjali to kill her. Adi comes to her rescue and develops enmity with Yadagiri, as Adi thrashes Yadagiri's brother-in-law (Saleem Panda) who goes into coma. Yadagiri's men catch Adi's friend (Venumadhav) and Adi goes to Yadagiri's house and releases him by thrashing Jangamma. At this juncture, Yadagiri's son Rana, reaches India with huge money and masterminds blasts at various places. Several people die in the twin blasts at Lumbana Park and Gopal Chat areas. Yadagiri manages DGP (Jeeva) and places Adi's portrait in place of Rana. He also manages the lie-detection test. As the case was proved, Adi gets life sentence. Adi's father dies of a heart attack after judgment. However, similar blasts occur in Rajasthan, Mumbai and other places and Rana gets caught and confesses that he was behind Hyderabad blasts. So, court relieves Adi from the case. Now it is the turn of Adi to take revenge and he starts eliminating all those who were responsible for the ruining his career and the death of his father. The film ends with the union of Adi and Anjali.