Ullam Kollai Poguthae

Anbu (Prabhu Deva) is an economically poor mimicry artist who takes care of his sister Bharti (Deepa Venkat). Jothi (Anjala Zaveri) is the close friend of Prabhu Deva’s sister who visits their home often. Anbu likes Jothi and his affection slowly turns into love but he prefers not to disclose as Jothi is rich and also he fears that she might misunderstand him.
Anbu also gets close to Jothi’s family and he likes to spend time with her big family as he has grown up with out parental care and affection. One day, Gautham (Karthik) comes from abroad, who is a relative of Jothi and also her fiancé. Anbu feels bad about his love failure but does not express it and instead behaves normally.
Jothi’s family members plan for the wedding arrangements between Gautham and Jothi. Suddenly Gautham and Jothi meet with an accident while they were out for a shopping. Gautham dies on the spot while Jothi loses her vision after the accident. The entire family is shattered knowing the news and they fear informing about Gautham’s death to Jothi.
Jothi is terribly disturbed by the accident and she worries having lost her vision. When she asks about Gautham, suddenly Anbu interferes and modulates as Gautham which consoles Jothi. Anbu continues to speak in Gautham’s voice for a few more days to make Jothi get back to her normal activities.
Anbu gets an opportunity to perform in a mimicry show in Australia but he denies it as he prefers to stay with Jothi trying to get her back. Anbu’s friends scold him as performing in this show will help him earn some money for his sister’s wedding.
At one side, Anbu feels happy that Jothi is recovering but on the other hand he feels bad that he let go an opportunity to earn some money for his sister’s wedding. Anbu feels dejected and decides to commit suicide, so that the insurance money after his death will be helpful for his sister. He writes a letter and leaves the home.
Meanwhile, Jothi is admitted in the hospital and she gets her vision back after a surgery. Anbu’s sister finds the letter and is shocked about her brother’s decision to end his life. She searches for her brother’s whereabouts in many places but could not find. Also, now Jothi enquires about Gautham and her family members reveal her the truth. Jothi worries knowing that Gautham has died but at the same time feels great about Anbu’s timely help to her family.
Anbu’s sister informs to Jothi about his love and they both go in search of Anbu. Finally they find him in a stage show among the crowd. Jothi thanks Anbu and decides to unite with him.