Ranna

Sharat Chandra is a rich, unhappy businessman based in Zurich. He wishes to reconcile with his estranged daughter Saraswathi whom he expelled because she married Prakash against his wishes. His grandson Bhargava Chandra promises Sharat Chandra that he will bring her back to their home on his 75th birthday. Saraswathi has three daughters: Two of them are Indira and Rukmini. Bhargava enters the house as Chandu, a driver who was appointed by Prakash after saving him from a heart attack. Bhargava tries to woo Indira but gives up when he learns that Indira is in love with another man. Rukmini hates Bhargava and is suspicious of him.
Saraswathi later reveals to Bhargava that she is aware of his real identity much before the incidents and warns him to abstain from doing anything with the intention of taking her back to Sharat Chandra.
To save Indira's love, Bhargava and Chikkanna go to a village and accidentally Rukmini falls into the jeep due to a head injury thus suffering with amnesia. Bhargava introduces himself as her lover for the time being. Rukmini believes it. The trio go to the venue; Bhargava and Chikkanna enter the house. They and the bridegroom escape from there and reach Saraswathi's home after a violent altercation with the family members of the bridegroom where Rukmini's memory is revived. The bride's father Veerappa asks for compensation for the damage caused by Chandu, to which Saraswathi promises Rukmini's marriage with his elder son. To avoid complications, Prakash fires Bhargava. Bhargava later learns that Rukmini loved him from the beginning but was hesitant to express her feelings. He traps Bhaskar, a rich NRI staying in Uganda who has a penchant for women, and enters Saraswathi's home as his assistant.
Bhaskar falls for Rukmini but his attempts are repeatedly thwarted by Bhargava. On the day of her marriage, Rukmini elopes with Bhargava. While waiting with him for the train to Mumbai, Veerappa's henchmen reach the station to stop them only to be trashed by Bhargava. An angry Prakash, with Saraswathi, arrive to shoot Bhargava but Prakash is taken aback after knowing his true identity. Bhargava reveals that the day Saraswathi left the house, Sharat Chandra tried to commit suicide but accidentally killed Bhargava's mother. He says that he chose to love his grandfather though he killed his mother. Saraswathi chose to hate him as he injured Prakash and expelled them.
Saraswathi and Prakash realize their mistake and reconcile with Bhargava. Rukmini is kidnapped by four henchmen appointed by Bhaskar where she narrates the story to the henchmen. Bhargava and Chikkanna reach the spot and Rukmini reconciles with Bhargava. Bhaskar's wealth is seized by the government of Uganda and he is left with the same amount with which he ran away from Prakash's house when he assisted him in the past. Sharat Chandra reconciles with Saraswathi and Bhargava is unanimously appointed as the CEO of the company thanks to the support of Saraswathi and Sharat Chandra. The film ends with Bhargava holding Sharat Chandra's hand with affection on the dining table.