Oomappenninu Uriyadappayyan

Bobby (Jayasurya) who is really poor and can't speak, earns living by painting billboards for his boss (Cochin Haneefa) along with his friends, falls in love at first sight with Gopika, while painting. Gopika (Kavya Madhavan) is a really rich girl who can't hear or speak, lives with her dad (Saikumar) in a mansion with her interpreter (Kalpana). During a show performed by Bobby (Jayasurya) and his friends, Gopika (Kavya Madhavan) starts to fall in love with Bobby, once she hears he also can't speak. But Bobby with the help of his friends pretends he can speak and puts on a show in front of Gopika's interpreter (Kalpana) and tricked her into believing it. Gopika was told he could speak and lost her love. In the end she gets to know Bobby really can't speak and she and Bobby fall in love. But she is supposed to marry Shyam (Indrajith),a rich and modern young man, who she hates. Gopika's family are against her relationship with Bobby so they elope.
Shyam's family sends Chellappa (Rajan P. Dev) a police officer to kill Bobby and bring back Gopika. Meanwhile, Gopika and Bobby hide in with a street performing group with the leader Moopan (Mala Aravindan). Chellappa and his assistants searched the street performing group but Moopan disguised Gopika and Bobby, so they weren't found. However, Chellappa had an eye on Moopan's daughter and took her with him and brought her back once he was finished with her. Chellappa goes back to the group to search again and this time he finds them.
When Chellappa captures them from the poor street performing group, he brings them both back to a hut near a cliff edge and beats Bobby unconscious and then tries to rape Gopika. When Gopika knocks Chellappa out she finds Bobby lying on the floor covered in blood and thinks he is dead. So she decides to walk up to the cliff by the house and jump off. Gopika's family arrives and sees her climbing the cliff and shouts for her to stop, since she is deaf she can't hear and keeps going. Bobby wakes up a sees her walking up to the cliff, then he runs after her and tries to shout but she is still far away. So he picks up a little ball that was on a nearby spike and throws it at her; she turns around and sees Bobby and runs towards him and they hug.