Vellaikaara Durai

'Police' Pandi (Soori) is the owner of a real estate agency, in which he borrows 15 lakhs from 'Vatti' Varadhan, a local rowdy and don to start his business. Murugan (Vikram Prabhu) is 'Police' Pandi's assistant and he gives the media an advertisement in which he persuades people to buy land from "his" company making many people persuaded from it. A billionaire wants to buy all the land and when he is about the to sign the papers, they find out that the land is actually a graveyard causing the billionaire to not buy the land any more. When they are in the bar drinking alcohol, a call comes on 'Police' Pandi's phone. Murugan answers it, thinking it was the broker, who sold them the land, but it was actually 'Vatti' Varadhan. Murugan talks to 'Vatti' Varadhan in foul language and when he ends the call, 'Police' Pandi tells them that it was actually 'Vatti' Varadhan. He moves to another table and asks a man there for some more wine. The whole group befriend the guy, who is unable to speak.
The next morning, they find themselves in 'Vatti' Varadhan's house, where it is just like jail. There are many people, who work there, because they couldn't give back the money they borrowed. They all end up working there, except for Murugan who saved 'Vatti' Varadhan, when a few men tried to kill him, causing him to become his supervisor,\. One day, a worker in there gets to go home revealing to the others that 'Chinnamma' lets some people go. When Murugan enquires about her to 'Police' Pandi, he tells him that she is 'Vatti' Varadhan's sister. Murugan then goes to her room and threatens her to let them go as well. But when he sees Yamuna/ 'Chinnamma' (Sri Divya), Murugan immediately falls for her. Murugan then starts wooing her, but Yamuna still doesn't accept him.
One day, Vatti arranges for his engagement and Murugan and Pandi start arranging everything. When the Iyar Swamji asks them to bring the bride, Murugan gets shocked seeing Yamuna as the bride. When'Police' Pandi asks 'Vatti' Varadhan's servants why they brought 'Vatti' Varadhan's sister, they revealed that she isn't his sister and is the woman 'Vatti' Varadhan has been waiting to marry. Murugan drinks wine after hearing this, but he then sees Yamuna escaping. They get on a lorry and Yamuna reveals to him why she escaped.
Yamuna's mother died, when she was five years old and only her father, Manickam looked after her. Manickam takes care of the people's problems, considers them as his own, and helps them. He promises the men, that he will give 'Vatti' Varadhan the money that they borrowed and helps them. One day, Manickam dies and no one helps Yamuna to give 'Vatti' Varadhan the money that Manickam promised to give. 'Vatti' Varadhan gives her an idea by saying that if she marries him, she won't need to give the money. So, Yamuna reluctantly agrees. Murugan then asks if she needs any help, but Yamuna refuses and they separate. Somehow, 'Vatti' Varadhan finds them and he hits Murugan unconscious. He forcefully takes Yamuna with him and arranges their marriage. But the man, who is unable to speak, later revealed to actually be a terrorist, dies and their marriage stops. Yamuna sees Murugan again, hugs him, asking him to kill 'Vatti' Varadhan, and stop the marriage. Murugan agrees and he plans to kill him. But, everything does not go according to the plan, when some terrorists kidnap 'Vatti' Varadhan. Finally, Yamuna and Murugan are united together by quarreling.