Sairat

The film follows the story of Prashant Kale, aka Parshya, a low-caste young boy, and of Archana Patil, aka Archi, a daughter of a rich "upper caste landlord". Parshya, although poor, has a good academic record, is good at reading and is the captain and the star player of the local cricket team. Archi is a strong willed girl, who is also academically proficient, but more importantly, known as a headstrong girl who enjoys ‘masculine’ tasks, like driving a tractor or riding a Royal Enfield Bullet motorcycle. As they both study in college together, it is observed that they slowly start falling for each other. Early on, Archi’s large and muscular maternal cousin Mangya tries to intervene and beat up Parshya, but is ordered to stay away by Archi. They slowly find ways to spend time with each other and fall in love.
At a celebration of Archi’s misbehaved younger brother, Prince’s birthday, they are discovered by Archi’s family. Archi’s father, being politically connected proceeds to thrash Parshya and his friends. Eventually realizing that there is no way out, Archi and Parshya make an attempt to elope. However, they are discovered by police and taken into custody. There, Archi’s father forces the police to register a false complaint alleging that Archi was gang raped by Parshya and his friends. Realizing this, Archi intervenes and destroys the complaint, insisting that Parshya and his friends be released. Soon after they are released, however, Archi’s father’s goons begin to thrash Parshya and his friends. Seeing this from a distance, Archi intervenes and seizes a pistol from the goons, threatening to fire unless they are released. Soon Parshya and Archi catch a running train and escape the confines of the small town to Hyderabad.
In the city of Hyderabad, Archi and Parshya are broke and desperate. Surviving off what little they have, they try for accommodation in a lodge but they are refused accommodation. In frustration, they sleep at the railway station, contemplating their next move. One night, a few men come and awaken them, insisting that they come to the police station. On the way, they begin to drag Parshya and beat him up, while another attempts to rape Archi. However, a lady from the nearby slum, Suman Akka bravely intervenes, brandishing a stick, stepping in and saving the duo from the rogues. Akka stays with her young son, Sanket.
Akka offers Parshya and Archi a spare shanty to live in, and helps Archi find employment in a nearby bottling factory, while Parshya starts working as a cook at Akka's Dosa stall. Archi gradually picks up Telugu with the help of her factory colleague Pooja. Archi starts to miss her home as she does not feel comfortable living in the slums. Archi and Parshya start to make a meagre hand to mouth existence, trying to make the most of the situation with mutual love. However, differences start to crop up in their relationship and they begin to fight with each other a lot. After one of the heated arguments with Parshya, Archi decides to go back home by train, leaving Parshya but she changes her mind and returns to him. In due course, Archi and Parshya get married in the Registrar's office where Akka and Pooja stand as witnesses. Subsequently, Archi is shown pregnant and the story moves forward by a few years.
Parshya and Archi are now living in a better location and are more well-off. Archi phones her mother from an under construction flat complex, which they have come to see and then hands the phone to her young son Aakash. After the phone call, Archi's brother Prince and his relatives arrive, carrying gifts from her mother, hinting at reconciliation. Aakash goes to visit a neighbour while Archi and Parshya invite Prince and the other visitors into the flat and serve them tea.
The toddler returns with the neighbour and is left at their doorstep. The door is open and the baby enters and discovers that his parents have been hacked to death. Visibly troubled and unable to comprehend the gruesome nature of the honor killing, he walks off and the movie ends.