Rowdy Fellow

Rana pratap jayadev (Nara Rohit) is a rich brat and very egoistic person. Once he was disturbed by a political rally who was organizing by M.P Asuragana Durga prasad's(rao ramesh) henchmen then he makes quarrel with them. Then this issue leads to police station in the dealing the Assistant Commissioner of Police (ahuthi prasad) demands apologise to them. But Rana won't apologise then it makes another quarrel with police in this quarrel rana turns his ego towards the ACP and he apologise them. After that he decides to become a police officer to take revenge on that ACP. Then uses high influence and huge money as bribe to a minister he becomes a Sub Inspector to a rural area then he focuses on the law and order and settle the disputes in his own style and become a headache to ACP. He befriend with constable Reddy who becomes a trusted aid to him. He loves ACP's daughter Megha(Vishaka singh) after comical encounters she also falls for him and with the acceptance of ACP finally they get married. Then he takes up a sincere head constable (paruchuri venkateswararao) missing case. On the enquiry he came to know that he was missing since his joining date in department. While investigation he came to know that with the help of CI M.P Durga prasad's henchmen involved in this case for a lockup death issue. Then he finds out the sole witness the colleague of the constable he confess that the CI killed the person in the police station and black mails them to bribe him for a ransom both feared he ran away from the village and constable cannot fight for his ethics he committed suicide. Then the CI tries to hide his body but it was founded by rana. Then rana tries to arrest CI while in a Chase CI was mate with a train accident and dies. From that day onwards rana intervenes all the activities of Asuragana Durga prasad and he understands the corruption in the police system. With the help of his father he gives more salaries to his lower cader police and orders them to work honest and sincerely. Then Asuragana Durga Prasad attacks rana while in the fight he was back stabbed by constable reddy and get into severe injuries. Then rana was rescued by his father's appointed private securities lead by rana's other trusted aid private security guard James. Then Durga Prasad came to know rana was alive then he arranges a meeting to compromise with him through constable reddy in the meeting they both quarrel finally rana shot him to death. finally the film ends rana forgives reddy for his actions and joins with him.