Luck Key

Jae-sung, an aspiring actor who has hit rock bottom, prepares to commit a suicide. After his landlady insults him, he first cleans himself first at a public sauna. Hyung-wook, a notorious assassin, cleans himself at the same sauna after killing a target. Hyung-wook slips on a soap Jae-sung accidentally drops and passes out. Remembering Hyung-wook's luxurious look, Jae-sung switches his locker key with Hyung-wook's and steals his car and money. Feeling guilty, Jae-sung later tries to return everything to Hyung-wook, who is recuperating in the emergency room. When Jae-sung finds that Hyung-wook does not remember anything due to a concussion, he leaves without telling Hyung-wook anything.
While Jae-sung enjoys Hyung-wook's money and fancy apartment, Hyung-wook struggles to remember his identity, assuming he is Jae-sung because of the locker key. Hyung-wook can not pay his hospital bill, so Lina, a paramedic, pays it for him after he promises to pay her back. When Hyung-wook realizes he is bankrupt, Lina finds him a job at her mom's small restaurant. With his amazing knife skills, Hyung-wook becomes the main chef, drawing many customers for the restaurant. He later finds a marked date on a calendar with a location and learns that he (Jae-sung in reality) is an actor who is supposed to appear in a gangster-themed TV show as an extra.
Though he initially struggles as an actor, Hyung-wook excels in action scenes thanks to his real life skills. His role in the show becomes more significant with Lina's help as the show progresses. Hyung-wook and Lina also find themselves liking each other. Meantime in Hyung-wook's apartment, Jae-sung discovers a secret room and thinks that Hyung-wook is an undercover cop protecting a witness named Eun-joo, who lives in the same building. Jae-sung watches over her and, over time, falls in love with her.
One day, Jae-sung answers a phone call to Hyung-wook and meets with businessmen who ask him why Eun-joo is still alive. Jae-sung realizes that Hyung-wook is actually an assassin hired to kill Eun-joo. After a picnic with Lina's family, Hyung-wook recovers his memory and finds Jae-sung and Eun-joo in his own apartment. Hyung-wook reveals to Jae-sung that he is not a real assassin and that he has been trying to give a new life to assassination victims by faking their death and sharing the money he makes. Hyung-wook, Jae-sung, and Eun-joo devise a new plan for themselves so that they can start a new clean life.
Hyung-wook tells Lina that they cannot be together and leaves. Heartbroken, Lina follows him to a place where Hyung-wook, Jae-sung, and Eun-joo are trying to fake their own deaths in front of the people who hired Hyung-wook. Lina's unexpected interference almost ruins the plan. The businessmen believe that they are all dead and leave. Later, Hyung-wook tells Lina who he really is and apologizes. Lina, not sure what to do, takes him to the set of the TV show to finish the final scene. On the set, Hyung-wook improvises new lines and confesses his feelings to Lina, who accepts him. Jae-sung and Hyung-wook later star together in a new TV show.[6]