Bhuvana Sundari Katha

The film is a tale of two kingdoms Vichitrapuram ruled by King Chitrasena (Mukkamala), Kanchanapuram ruled by Hiranyavarma. Chitrasena is interested in some funny items and he announces that whoever gets the special item will be given half of his kingdom. Hiranyavarma is religious, truthful, he installs a chair Bhuvaneshwari Peetam that whoever enters into it, if he is a culprit he will become prey to the tiger and innocent is garlanded. Hiranyavarma keeps Rajaguru (Dhulipala) as Judge in that school. Once Rajagaru’s son Devadatta (Satyanarayana) tries to molest Princess Bhuvana Sundari (Krishna Kumari), he has been accused, sent into the Peetam and tiger eats him. But no one knows that Rajaguru escaped him through a secret way and orders him to leave the country for few days. On the way, Devadatta meets a stranger Bujjaiah (Allu Ramalingaiah) and both of them leave the country while traveling they notice a flying palanquin. Unfortunately, its maker is killed by a demon; Devadatta & Bujjaiah secretly take the palanquin and gifts it to Chitrasena. Prince Chandrasena (N. T. Rama Rao) wants to test the palanquin he starts traveling in it without complete knowledge, it goes in wrong direction and lands at Bhuvana Sundari’s palace where both of them love each other. Noticing a change in the statue of Bhuvaneshwari Devi they search the palace and capture Chandrasena. Rajagaru sends him into the Bhuvaneshwari Peetam when tiger attacks on him Chandrasena kills it and flees away in palanquin along with the Bhuvana Sundari to his kingdom. After reaching there Devadatta sees Bhuvana Sundari, he wants to grab her at any cost, so, he plans with Bujjaiah, on that night they the steal palanquin and take away Bhuvana Sundari reaches Kanchipuram, after that Devadatta kills Bujjaiah, somehow Bhuvana Sundari escapes from him and reaches to palace. She tells her father that Devadatta is alive where Rajaguru creates a story that princess has become mad.
Chandrasena in search of Bhavana Sundari travels towards Kanchipuram, on the way relieves a demon from its curse where he is blessed with the trick Parakaya Pravesha (leaving one's own soul and entering others). After reaching Kanchipuram he takes shelter at washer men Tippayya's (Uday Kumar) house. Because there is no way to enter into palace Chandrasena teaches Tippayya the trick and exchanges the bodies and brings out Bhuvana Sundari. But Tippayya refuses to give his body. Helpless Chandrasena goes to his kingdom along with Bhuvana Sundari. By the time Rajagaru recognizes that Chandrasena & Tippayya exchanged the bodies, so he sends Tippayya (in Chandrasena) along with Devadatta to Vichitrapuram and keeps him as the prince. Chandrasena (in Tippayya) is arrested and Chitrasena makes marriage arrangements of Chandrasena & Bhuvana Sundari where Rajaguru makes an evil plan by coming as an astrologer and tells that Bhuvana Sundari is having a bad horoscope so keep her in a box and throw into water, they do so. But in between, she has been saved by some tribal and keeps a wild bear in it. Meanwhile, Chandrasena (in Tippayya) escapes from jail, Tippayya (in Chandrasena), Rajaguru & Devadatta reaches forest, when they open the box wild bear comes out Chandrasena (in Tippayya) kills it, when Rajaguru attacks him he takes the body of bear, kills Rajaguru and also threatens Tippayya (in Chandrasena) and gets back his body. At the same time Devadatta sees Bhuvana Sundari and takes her in flying palanquin, Chandrasena comes to her protection, kills Devadatta. Finally, the movie ends with the marriage of Chandrasena & Bhuvana Sundari.