Srivari Muchatlu

Chakrapani (Prabhakar Reddy), a businessman, asks his son Gopi, a musician if he would marry his maternal uncle’s (Allu Ramalingaiah) daughter Priya (Jayasudha), but Gopi keeps declining this idea. Gopi falls in love with a girl Radha (Jayaprada) a dancer in Kashmir and he informs his parents by telegram that he has chosen a girl. Gopi promises to pay off the debts owed by Radha's father. But when Gopi reaches his home, he finds that his father has committed suicide due to bankruptcy and he expresses his last wish that his second wife and her daughter be taken care of. Gopi's uncle is a rich man who bails him out from bankruptcy. Gopi is delayed and is unable to return to Kashmir.
In Kashmir, the Radha creditor asks her father for money and Radha expresses her inability to pay, so the creditor warns them. When Gopi does arrive at their house, her father lies that he has married her off to the creditor. Gopi is heartbroken and returns home. After Gopi returns back his mother suggests him that he should now get settled in his life and bring some happiness in his life and so marries Priya to show his gratitude towards his uncle. During the wedding, Gopi observes Radha and searches for her.
Now Gopi knows that Radha was not married, that day her father had lied to him and tells him that she is the mother of his child. Gopi decides to end his marriage with Priya and tell her the truth, but Radha insists Gopi to act as if they had never met and been a loyal husband of Priya so that Radha can take care of their child. Later Radha becomes a popular dance teacher in her city. Priya also gives birth to a baby and she decides to learn dance from Radha and they become close friends. After some time Priya comes to know that Radha and Gopi were lovers before her marriage and she suspects they are having an affair. Priya found that Gopi and Radha are well-wishers, they are innocent and victims of the unpredictable nature of fate. After coming to know the truth, Radha & Priya sacrifice their respective lives to let the other live a nice happy married life with Gopi.