Raja Nandini

Tirumala Nayaka (Rajanala) & Ramaraju (Gummadi) are neighborhood kings who are rivals. Tirumala Nayaka is having daughter Sridevi (Girija). Vimala (G. Varalakshmi) daughter of a saint takes care of Sridevi after the death of her mother. Tirumala Nayaka gives shelter to a robber Bhupathi (Mahankali Venkaiah). Ramaraju’s son Jayachandra (N. T. Rama Rao) wants to make peace with Tirumala Nayaka so that they can get rid of Bhupathi. Bhupathi’s nephew Kiriti (R. Nageswara Rao) and daughter Ramani (Anjali Devi) knows about this and they feel that Ramaraju & Tirumala Nayaka are planning to come together. Hence they plan to attack the fort of Tirumala Nayaka. Jayachandra fails in his attempt but on request of Vimala he meets Sridevi secretly. At the same time, Bhupati & Kiriti attack the fort and captivate Tirumala Nayaka along with Sridevi, Vimala, & Jaya Chandra. Ramani & Sridevi both love Jayachandra. when Ramani expresses her love to him he rejects her because she is a daughter of a thief. Gajapati (Relangi) follower of Raja Guruvu Sadananda Swamy (K. V. S. Sarma) in disguise makes friendship with Bhupathi & Kiriti to grab their secrets. After knowing that fort has gone into the hands of Bhupathi, Sadananda Swamy tries to save him with his disciples but he fails Tirumala Nayaka is hanged by Bhupathi. Vimala wants to take revenge over this, so, she traps Bhupathi and kills him. Next day in the court Ramani hears explanation given by Vimala and changes her mindset. She gives back the kingdom and makes Sridevi as queen. In the court, Jayachandra praises the honesty of Ramani and accepts her love when Sridevi feels jealous and tries to kill Ramani but by mistake, Vimala dies. Sridevi throws blame on Ramani and mixup hands with Kiriti who loves Ramani. With the help of Gajapathi, Ramani & Jayachandra escape from the fort and reach their kingdom. Everyone thinks Ramani as Sridevi and accepts for their marriage. Meanwhile, Sridevi sends a letter to Ramaraju that Ramani has killed Vimala. Ramaraju asks Ramani to leave the fort. Jayachandra also comes out of the fort in search of Ramani. Parallelly, Gajapathi reaches Ramaraju and reveals the truth. Then Ramaraju realizes his mistake and understands eminence of Ramani. On the way Kiriti & Sridevi catch Ramani and Jaya Chandra runs after them. Jayachandra stamps out Kiriti and when Sridevi tries to kill Ramani, unfortunately, she only dies. At last, Ramaraju reaches there accepts Ramani as his daughter-in-law and praises her Raja Nandini. Finally, the movie ends with a happy on the marriage of Jayachandra & Ramani.