Baghdad Gajadonga

The film begins with grand birthday celebrations of Bagdad prince Faruk, taking this as opportunity Chief Commander Vazeer Hussain forcibly collects taxes from the public. Sultan (Mikkilineni) of Bagdad realizes how much people in his kingdom are frustrated by this, so, one night Sultan travels to search the city in disguise to identify the truth. Vazeer kills him and confines his Begam Saheba (Pandari Bai) in the jail and also tries to kill the Prince but he was rescued by Ibrahim (Mukkamala) a blind royal agent who is loyal to dynasty. Vazeer is successful in convincing public that Sultan went to Mecca trip along with his family and entrusted the responsibility of the kingdom to him. Ibrahim shifts his family to Basera, Faruk grows in the name of Abu (N. T. Rama Rao).
Abu a kind-hearted robber whose motto is to rob the rich and feed the poor along with his friend Ali (Padmanabham). One day he enters Basera Sultan's (Relangi) palace where he gets acquaintance with princess Naseem (Jayalalitha) and both of them fall love. Meanwhile, Vazeer comes to Basera to marry Naseem. Sultan of Basera is fond of different and special items, he likes the magic horse brought by Vazeer and in exchange offers his daughter's hand. But Naseem refuses to marry and she leaves the palace in search of Abu. At the same time, Abu reaches the palace Vazeer catches him and he was put in jail. Escaped Naseem somehow comes into the fold of Vaseer only and he takes her to Baghdad. Abu escaped from the prison with help of Ali and he comes to know that Nazeem is taken to Baghdad. So, he reaches there, when he enters into the palace where he remembers his childhood and recognizes himself as the prince. He meets Nazeem tells about her birth secret asks her to stay there itself because they should find out where his mother is secretly hidden. From that day, Abu starts doing huge robberies in the kingdom and attains name as Thief of Baghdad.
Parallelly, Ali insults a street magician in public, so, he converts him as a monkey and says he gets original form if he dips in the water. Abu recognizes that the monkey is his friend Ali and keeps him in the palace at Sadiq (Madhukuuri Satyam) Vazeer's son. Nazeem pretends love with Vazeer and finds out Whereabouts of Begam Saheba, she makes Vazeer drunk and steals key with the help of which Abu releases his mother. While escaping Abu, Nazeem, Ali (monkey) are caught by soldiers, Vazeer orders to leave Abu in the middle of the desert, also throw Ali (Monkey) into the well and they do so. Then Ali comes into his original form. Meanwhile, Vazeer is about to ascend the throne as a full-fledged king, so, Ibrahim encourages the public to revolt against Vazeer and all of them reaches Baghdad fort along with Begam Saheba and reveal the entire truth. Vazeer orders his soldiers to arrest them. In the desert, Abu liberates a demon for which he gets a flying carpet as a gift with its help he immediately reaches the fort and stamps out Vazeer. Finally, Abu / Faruk becomes the emperor of Bagdad and marries Nazeem.