Shibu Mitra

Balwant Roy (Pradeep Kumar) is a big industrialist. His daughter Uma (Neena Gupta) is married to Sunderlal's (Prem Chopra) elder son Raghuveer (Shakti Kapoor). Sunderlal is the managing director of the Roy Group of Industries. Balwant Roy's only son, Amar—nicknamed Munna (Prosenjit Chatterjee) loves his sister very much. Sunderlal is a greedy character whose intends to steal the property of Balwant Roy and kill Munna. He plots a conspiracy to finish off Munna. But a village boy, Mangal (Sunny Deol) saves Munna's life. Now both are living together and Mangal's mother (Seema Deo) feels happy because they love her very much. However, some people recognise Munna and take him back again to his father. Balwant Roy realises that his son's life is in danger and sends Munna to a foreign country along with his trusted employee-friend, Laxman Chacha (Ram Mohan).
After many years, Sunderlal and Raghuveer become restless and desperate to kill Balwant Roy. They lock up Uma (Neena Gupta) in a cell. Now young Munna returns home and takes charge of the entire business. Sunderlal informs Munna that his sister Uma is very much ailing and has gone to U.S.A for treatment. Munna calls his childhood friend Mangal and appoints him as the new managing director of his business. Here Mangal meets Shalu (Jaya Prada) who is the daughter of another industrialist, Jay Prakash (Satyen Kappu). In her childhood, Shalu's marriage was fixed with Munna. But now Shalu falls in love with Mangal and he too accepts her love. Munna does not mind it, because he himself is in love with a village girl Maina (Shanti Priya) from his childhood days.
Sunderlal and Raghuveer plot many ideas to finish off Mangal and Munna. Once with the help of Munna's secretary Lili (Aruna Irani), they almost succeed in framing Mangal in a false rape and murder case. A misunderstanding thus develops between Mangal and Shalu, who even agrees to marry Sunderlal's younger son Ranveer (Tej Sapru). Finally Mangal and Munna succeed in identifying the real culprits.