Nissash Amar Tumi

Hridoy (Shakib Khan) is a rich, city boy, born to billionaire parents and brought up in London. On the other hand, Aasha (Apu Biswas)is a traditional, simple desi girl from Bangladesh who is brought up by her only brother, Mohammod Ali (Misha Sawdagor). He is heartbroken when their father marries another woman and throws them out of the house, humiliating them on the way. Their mother dies and her tomb is built on the small land which they own until the zamindar tells them that it is his land, since their mother had taken a loan from the man. Mohammod Ali volunteers to work day and night, to pay off the loan as long as they don't tear down his mother's tomb. The Zamindar agrees and the local station master helps them. Slowly Mohammod Ali and Aasha grow up. One day, Purnima, Aasha's best friend, comes to their house to invite Aasha to their house as she is getting married. Purnima's cousin, Hridoy also arrives on the same day with his mother, Shabnur (Dulari).
Slowly Hridoy and Aasha fall in love but Hridoy's mother does not bear it as Aasha is not as rich as them, and is thus not to their standards; Hridoy is also to be married to Shabnur's brother's business partner's daughter, Bobby. Shabnur humiliates Aasha as well as Mohammod Ali, who arrives a minute before, and both are thrown of the house after Shabnur accuses them of trying to entice and trap Hridoy. When Hridoy learns of this, he goes to Aasha's house and pleads to her brother to accept him. Mohammod Ali gives him a chance, just like he was given a chance by the Zamindar when he was little. Hridoy is tasked to take care of the cows, clean up after them and grow more crops than Mohammod Ali by the end of the season; if he does not, Hridoy will be thrown out of the village and can never see Aasha again. The Zamindar and his son is not happy as the Zamindar's son wanted to marry Aasha. With them and Bobby and her father trying to get Hridoy to lose the competition, Hridoy has to work hard for his love, eating red chillies and rice everyday, even though he can't bear it. Through many antics from the Zamindar's side and Bobby's side, Hridoy eventually proves his love for Aasha to Mohammod Ali, and succeeds in growing more grains. However, Zamindar & his son kidnap Aasha and then later tries to rape her. A fight takes place in which Hridoy kills the Zamindar's son. Mohammod Ali, after realizing that Hridoy and Aasha should be together, takes the blame for this and spends 5 years in prison. The movie ends with Mohammod Ali's release from prison which is also when Aasha and Hridoy get married, in everyone's presence. Shabnur then accepts Aasha to be her daughter-in-law.