Kasu Irukkanum

Ashok (Vishwa), Ani (Payal), Viji (Nanditha Jennifer), Divya (Laksha), Pravin (Kadhal Sukumar) and Tharun (Arul) are good friends and their only aim in life is to make money. They are stealing from banks, hijacking container trucks and robbing the rich people. They had been actively sought by the police, the police inspector Manikkavel (J. Livingston) is charged to catch them. The friends on the run travelled from town to town, and are later hosted by a mysterious man G. R. (K. Bhagyaraj) in his bungalow, the fugitives introduce themself as youngsters who were lost in the wood.
Ashok and Ani then fall in love with each other, and they decide to get married, Viji who was secretly in love with Ashok is heartbroken. In the past, Ashok was a MIS final-year student in Harvard University. When his parents died, Ashok came to his native city, there he realised that his parents were killed by his greedy uncle for receiving their inheritance. The innocent Ashok was then sent to a mental asylum by his uncle, his lover and his best friend who betrayed him for money. Ashok escaped from the mental asylum and killed all three. That day, he realises that money is the most important thing in life, and became a thief.
Thereafter, Divya and Tharun were found dead far from the bungalow. Viji suspects their host G. R. for killing her friends and stabs him with a knife. G. R. confesses that he did not kill them, he also told that his sister Mahalakshmi (Anusha) was killed in the same way. Ashok and Ani then reveals to Pravin that they were the murderers and they murder him. Ashok and Ani wanted to vanish so they killed their partners who were the only witnesses of their crimes, and their last target is Viji. When Ashok tries to kill Viji, she confesses her love for him, Ashok then changes his mind and he accepts her love. Ashok then poisons Ani's drink and she dies by drinking it. The police finally found their hiding place, Ashok and Viji eventually escape for the place.
Ashok and Viji settle in a remote place with their caravan. Viji attempts to kill him for murdering her friends, but she fails and the psychopath Ashok chokes her to death. G. R. tracks Ashok down and tries to murder him for killing his innocent sister, but the police arrive at the right moment and encounter Ashok.