Kan Thiranthathu

Pankajam and her son Boopathy come to reside with a zamindar and eventually takes control of the zamin. They chase out the Zamindar's wife Nagammal and son Chandran away. The zamindar makes a will in the name of his son and gives it to a loyal servant Manickam. Zamindar soon dies. A motherless boy, Muthu has seen Manickam receiving the will. Muthu tells this to his father Karuppaiah. Boopathy comes to know about the will and asks Manickam to hand over the will. Manickam gives him a forged copy of the will.
Manickam becomes ill. His daughter Valli gives money to Muthu and asks him to buy medicine from the town. On his way, Muthu spends the money in entertainment. Manickam dies. Muthu realizes his folly. His eyes open. He asks for pardon from Valli. Boopathy tries to molest Valli. She and Muthu runs away to Chennai. Boopathy sends people to catch them.
On arrival at Chennai, the boy Muthu gets tired. Valli asks him to wait by the roadside and goes to buy something to eat. Rangan is a thief. He has picked someone's purse and, after taking the money, throws away the purse. It lands where Muthu is waiting. The pursuers beat Muthu thinking he is the thief. A fruits vendor, Maruthayi saves Muthu. Valli falls in love with Rangan. Rangan robs an old woman. But realizing her plight he regrets. His eyes are opened. Valli is happy with Rangan's realization.
Boopathy and his men arrive in Chennai. The fruit vendor Maruthayi bundles fruits in the will without knowing it is the genuine copy of Zamindar's will, and sells the fruits to Boopathy's men. Rangan comes to know this and goes to Boopathy's house to retrieve the will. Boopathy comes to know that Rangan is really the Zamindar's son Chandran. Boopathy tries to catch him but Rangan escapes. Boopathy gets hold of Muthu and ill treats him when Muthu refuses to divulge the whereabouts of Rangan. Muthu's father Karuppaiah could not bear his son's suffering and wants to take revenge on Boopathy.
Rangan comes to know through Boopathy's laundress Sinnayi that Boopathy is ill-treating Muthu. He takes a knife and goes to Boopathy's place to rescue Muthu.
Karuppaiah tries to feed his son. Boopathy sees this and pushes Karuppaiah down to the floor. Karuppaiah saw Rangan's knife lying there. He takes the knife and kills Boopathy. Muthu escapes from captivity but he becomes unconscious when he saw his father killing Boopathy. Karuppaiah lifts Muthu and runs away. Rangan comes there and finds Boopathy had been killed with his knife.
Rangan is charged with murder. When the court proceedings were going on, Muthu tries to save Rangan and wants to tell the court it was his father who killed Boopathy. Karuppaiah's eyes are opened. He surrenders to court accepting the guilt.
Rangan and Valli gets married. Rangan, who is now the zamindar, gives away his wealth to poor people and choose to live as one of them.[4]