Mommy

In a fictional outcome for the Canadian federal election, 2015, a political party comes to power and establishes a law called S-14, allowing parents of troubled children and limited finances to place their children in hospitals, without regard for fundamental justice. After the law is passed, Diane "Die" Després, a widowed mother and 46-year-old journalist, picks up her son Steve, who has ADHD with violent tendencies, from an institution. Steve has started a fire at the institution, in which another youth was injured. Die brings Steve home, and struggles to care for him under financial distress. He gives her jewellery reading "Mommy", which she suspects that he has stolen. Enraged by the accusation, Steve begins choking her, and she defends herself by hitting him with a glass frame. Kyla, a neighbour and teacher on sabbatical, shows up to tend to their wounds.
Kyla, who is dealing with a stuttering problem, begins to tutor Steve, and Steve indicates he is glad to know her and respects her wishes not to call her "babe". Although the three have bonded, Die is served papers indicating she and Steve are being sued for the injuries caused by his fire.
Die finds a lawyer willing to help them and the three of them go out for the evening for something to eat. They end up at a Karaoke bar, where Steve is increasingly agitated by the atmosphere and what he sees as his mother, Die's sexual interest in the lawyer. Steve decides to sing, but is taunted by the audience, leading to a fight. Steve, Die and their lawyer argue, ending with Die slapping the lawyer for slapping Steve, which drives the lawyer away.
Die continues to try and help her son and rebuild their lives, but while out shopping, with Steve and Kyla, Steve disappears and slits his wrist. He survives and a little later Die finds herself reflecting on all the dreams she had for her son to live a fulfilled happy life. She finally drives to a hospital to commit him under S-14; Steve angrily resists, and she regrets the decision when she sees the officials use violence and tasers to subdue him, but there is nothing she can legally do.
Kyla announces she is moving to Toronto and Die encourages her and expresses hope for Steve, but after Kyla leaves her alone in the house, her deep distress at how things are resurfacing. Back at the hospital, Steve is being unstrapped from the straight-jacket by officials. Immediately after the straps are removed, Steve flees.