Allari Premikudu

Kittu alias Krishna Murthy (Jagapati Babu) always bets for money with Chandram alias Pandem Chandredra Rao (Sudhakar). Once there bet is that Kittu makes Bhavani (Rambha), Jhansi (Soundarya) and Jogeshwari Devi (Kanchan) fall for him and he agrees to that. Kittu is a musician in a hotel.
Bhavani is a college student who fights for women. Knowing this, Kittu pretends as a man who respects women. His friend Ahobilam (Brahmanandam) pretends as a rowdy Khan Dada and they play a drama in front of Bhavani that Kittu beat Khan Dada's henchman who harassed a girl. As a result, Bhavani falls for Kittu.
Jhansi is a police inspector. Kittu hires a goon (Narsing Yadav) to kidnap her younger brother and pretends to save him. The boy sees Kittu giving money to the goon. Jhansi thanks, Kittu and invites him to lunch. The boy tells Jhansi that Kittu gave money to the goon and Jhansi understands that the kidnap is Kittu's drama. She arrests Kittu and asks why he played the drama and he tells her that he loves her. Jhansi also falls for Kittu.
Jogeshwari Devi is a sannyasi. Kittu and Ahobilam go for her and he sexually arouses her with whore dialogues. She too falls for him. Bhairavaiah (Rami Reddy) kidnapped her in her childhood and made her a sannyasi to earn money.
In happiness, Kittu and Ahobilam drink alcoholic beverages and talk how they cheated the three women. Bhavani listens to them when they talk about how they cheated her. Angerly, she hires a goon Malli to fight Kittu and lets him come to the spot. Ahobilam sees her and cautions Kittu. Malli tries to molest Bhavani. Kittu comes in time and confronts Malli. Bhavani says sorry to Kittu and proposes him.
Kittu tells Chandram that all the three women have fallen for him and asks money. Chandram asks him to prove it and he informs the women to come to Golconda at different times. Bhavani and Jhansi go there and write their names with his name in love symbol on the walls of the tombs and tell him that they love him and they go their homes. Devi writes her name with Kittu's name in love symbol. While Kittu returning after skating around tombs, she is shot by Hari (Srihari) as told by Bhairavaiah and tells Kittu that she loves him before dying. Bhairavaiah calls the police to get Kittu arrested. Chandram misunderstands Kittu that he killed Devi. Chandram and his assistant (A.V.S.) escape from the place. Ahobilam takes Kittu away.
Bhairavaiah shows Jhansi the names of Bhavani, Devi, and Jhansi with Kittu's name and tells her that Kittu is a womanizer. Jhansi believes his words and searches for Kittu. Kittu goes to Chandram's house to prove his innocence. There, Chandram's elder brother Hari and Bhairavaiah talk to each other. Chandram and Kittu come to know who the murderer is. Kittu confronts Hari. Bhairavaiah calls the police. Jhansi comes there and Kittu escapes to Bhavani's home. Jhansi chases him and asks Bhavani about him. She lies that he did not come there. Bhavani believes that he did not murder Devi. Kittu escapes from there to the government hospital. Jhansi understands that Kittu came there and escaped. She threatens Ahobilam to say about Kittu. He tells her that Kittu often goes to the government hospital. She goes there. Knowing this, Bhavani also goes there to save him. But Jhansi catches Kittu and asks why he murdered Devi and why he played the love dramas with many women.
Then, Kittu reveals his past. He and Swapna (Ramya Krishna) loved each other. But her grandfather Gajapati (Kaikala Satyanarayana) rejected him. She left her family and married Kittu. She got pregnant. Hari wants his paternal uncle Gajapati's property and plans to kill Swapna. He sent a goon and he beat Swapna on the road. She gave birth to a mentally unstable baby girl because of the stroke hit by the goon. Swapna died because of pregnancy complications.
Kittu earns money on bets for his daughter's operation. Actually, it is Hari who tells Chandram to bet with Kittu and make him love the women. Gajapati sicks for Swapna and writes the property in her name. Hari's plan is to get Kittu arrested and take the property. Hari and Bhairavaiah kidnap the girl from the hospital. Kittu confronts them. Hari and Bhairavaiah die by running vehicles. The operation of the baby is successful. Kittu marries Bhavani.