Suryavamsam

Sakthivel Gounder (Sarath Kumar) is a rich and influential man in his district. His wife is Raadhika and has three sons and a daughter. Sakthivel Gounder hates his youngest son Chinnarasu (also Sarath Kumar). Sakthivel’s daughter’s wedding is fixed and Nandini (Devayani) is the groom’s sister. She meets Chinnarasu during her brother’s wedding and wonders why he is disliked by Sakthivel. Manivannan is Chinnarasu’s friend and he tells a flashback to Nandini. Chinnarasu was weak in studies from childhood. He was in love with his relative Gowri (Priya Raman) and elders decide to get them married. But Gowri is educated and she attempts suicide thinking Chinnarasu is not a perfect match for her as he is uneducated and illiterate. Chinnarasu saves Gowri and cancels the marriage proposal but blames himself and does not reveal the truth. This anger Sakthivel thinking that Chinnarasu did not respect his words and stopped talking to him.
Nandini gets impressed understanding Chinnarasu’s kind heart and develops an affection towards him. Nandini proposes to Chinnarasu for which he does not agree. But later he too understands Nandini’s true love and accepts. Both get their marriage registered and Sakthivel gets angry knowing about this and asks the couple to vacate the home. Chinnarasu and Nandini move to a small home on the outskirts and Chinnarasu secures a job in a bus transport company. With the help of Nandini’s uncle (R. Sundarrajan), Chinnarasu purchases a bus and starts a transport company. Over the time, he develops his business and becomes a rich man. Also, Nandini clears civil services and gets posted as the district collector.
Sakthivel gets surprised seeing his son and daughter in law’s growth in life. Gowri’s husband loses his job and she comes to meet Chinnarasu requesting him to provide a job for which he accepts. Sakthivel Gounder meets Chinnarasu’s son (Sakthivel jr) at school and develops bonding towards him. Chinnarasu gets to know this and feels happy. Sakthivel Gounder realizes his mistake of not understanding his son. Dharmalingam (Anandaraj) has rivalry against Sakthivel Gounder and plans to kill him and try to blame Chinnarasu. Dharmalingam adds poison to the sweet given to Sakthivel Gounder by Chinnarasu. But Sakthivel Gounder is saved and Dharmalingam gets beaten up by the people. In the end, everyone gets united and lives as a joint family.