Achamillai Achamillai

Thenmozhi (Sarita), a worker in a textile factory, resides in a small village with her blind father, a former freedom fighter. She develops a mutual attraction to Ulaganathan (Rajesh), an idealist in the same village who is respected for his integrity and unselfishness. Upon the approval of Ulaganathan's father, they marry on 15 August, coinciding with India's Independence Day. The couple lead a happy life and work for the welfare of the village. With elections around the corner, two political parties try to garner support by enlisting Ulaganathan to their side. Initially reluctant, Ulaganathan joins one of the parties when it promises to provide him with a ministerial position.[2]
Ulaganathan quickly slides down the slippery slope of political intrigue and intimidation, alienating both his wife and his father. Thenmozhi returns to her father's home to deliver her first child. Ulaganthan wins the election, but as neither of the parties receives a clear majority, the rival party bribes Ulaganathan to join them instead. When Thenmozhi returns after the birth of their child, she is disappointed over the transformation of her husband and refuses to live with him. To spite her, Ulagnathan brings home Alangaram (Pavithra) as his mistress. Alangaram and her mother slowly take control over the household, which leads to Thenmozhi leaving her family. Ulagnathan's atrocities go beyond her tolerance when he plans to organise a communal riot in the village in order to safeguard himself from the critics. When Thenmozhi finds out about this, she goes to have a talk with him. But Ulaganathan defends himself by saying that political murders are not ethically wrong. The following day (Independence Day), a statue of Mahatma Gandhi is to be unveiled by Ulaganathan. During the ceremony, Ulagnathan makes a speech on his and his party's accomplishments. Thenmozhi approaches him with a garland; as she lays it on his neck, she stabs him to death. The police arrest her; at the end, Suthanthiram (Delhi Nayakar) is seen crying at the feet of Gandhi's statue.[3]