Battle for the Planet of the Apes

Told as a flashback to the early 21st century, with a wraparound sequence narrated by the orangutan Lawgiver in "North America - 2670 A.D.", this sequel follows the ape leader Caesar years after a global nuclear war has destroyed civilization. Living with his mate Lisa and their son Cornelius, Caesar creates a new society while trying to cultivate peace between the apes and remaining humans. Caesar is opposed by gorilla Aldo, who wants to imprison the humans that freely roam Ape City while doing menial labor.
After defusing followers of Aldo who attacked a human teacher for saying "No" to apes, Caesar ponders if his own parents could have taught him how to make things better. MacDonald, Caesar's human assistant MacDonald and younger brother of Mr. MacDonald (Conquest of the Planet of the Apes), reveals to Caesar that his brother told him of archived footage of Cornelius and Zira within the underground ruins of New York, now radioactive and known as the Forbidden City. Caesar travels with MacDonald and orangutan Virgil to the Forbidden City to find the archives.
It is revealed that mutated and radiation-scarred humans are living within the city, under the command of Governor Kolp, the man who once captured Caesar. Caesar and his party view the recordings of his parents, learning about the future and Earth's eventual destruction before they are forced to flee when Kolp's soldiers attempt to kill them.
Fearing the mutants may attack Ape City, Caesar reports his discoveries. When Caesar calls MacDonald and a select group of humans to the meeting, Aldo leads the gorillas away.
Kolp's scouts have found Ape City. Kolp believes that Caesar is planning to finish his people off. He stubbornly declares war on Ape City despite his assistant, Méndez, attempting to have him see reason.
Aldo plots a coup d'état in order for the gorillas to take control. Cornelius happens to overhear from a nearby tree, and is critically wounded when Aldo spots him and hacks the tree branch he is on. The next day, after a gorilla scouting pair are attacked by Kolp's men, Aldo takes advantage of a grieving Caesar's absence to have all humans corralled while looting the armory. Cornelius eventually dies from his wounds, leaving a devastated Caesar with a revelation that he was not hurt by humans.
When Kolp's ragtag force launches their attack, Caesar orders the defenders to fall back. When Kolp finds Caesar lying among dozens of fallen apes, he expresses his intention to personally kill him. But it turns out the apes are feigning death, launching a counter-attack that captures most of the mutants. Kolp and his remaining forces escape, only to be slaughtered by Aldo's troops once out in the open.
Aldo confronts Caesar about releasing the corralled local humans and orders the gorillas to kill them. When Caesar shields the humans and Aldo threatens him, Virgil (having learned the truth from MacDonald) reveals Aldo's role in Cornelius' death and that he broke their community's most sacred law – "Ape shall never kill ape". An infuriated Caesar pursues Aldo up a large tree, their confrontation resulting in Aldo falling to his death.
With Caesar realizing that apes are no different from their former slave-owners, he agrees to MacDonald's request for humans to be treated as equals, coexisting in a new society. They store their guns back in the armory: Caesar and Virgil reluctantly explaining to the overseer that they will still need them for future conflicts and can only wait for the day when they don't need their weapons anymore.
The scene returns to the Lawgiver, saying that it has now been over 600 years since Caesar's death. His audience is revealed to be a group of young humans and apes, the Lawgiver noting that their society still waits for a day when their world will not need weapons, while they "wait with hope". A close-up of a statue of Caesar shows a single tear falling from one eye.