The Truce Hurts

Jerry is chased off the house by Tom and Spike. The mouse gets a pipe, the cat gets a pan and the dog gets a baseball bat. They start to fight about, but Spike all of a sudden stops it. He questions, "What's all this fighting getting in us, huh? Cats can get along dogs, can't they? And mice can get along with cats, can't they?" The three characters become friends in future, they sign a peace treaty in the house.
Then, Spike prepares breakfast for himself and his pals whilist he sees Tom helping Jerry brush his teeth. Tom puts Jerry on a stack of books on a chair, as Spike pours milk into bottles for them and himself to drink. Before they drink milk in a bottle each, the dog picks a ruler to measure the amount of milk in each cup. Tom, Jerry and Spike take a nap after this, sharing a blanket, and a flower then falls from a tree near the house and that goes into Tom's mouth. He then puts the blanket on Jerry. Jerry then closes Spike's mouth to stop him snoring. Spike manages to stop the alarm clock and sneaks off to the kitchen. While Tom helps Jerry brush his teeth, Spike prepares the milk. They seat each other, lick the lid of the bottle of milk, drink the milk and then share a tooth pick for their teeth.
When the episode fades to another scene, while Jerry is taking a stroll outside, an alley cat who happens to be scourging for food in trash cans, spots him and decides that he will make a delightful appetizer. Fortunately, Tom, who is nearby, immediately rushes to Jerry's rescue and subdues the black alley cat by slamming a trash can lid into his face, as if to say, "Get your mangy paws off of my little pal!" The black stares at him angrily, as if he thinks Jerry is messing with him. But then Tom brushes Jerry to save him and kisses the little mouse on the cheek before sending him off, which leaves the alley cat looking on and screams terrifying, as if to say: "What's going on? Am I crazy?", and repetitively knocks himself silly with a brick.
Tom is soon walking along the sidewalk where a dog is gnawing on a bone. He decides to make a meal out of Tom when he sees him, but Spike screams like a man and makes the save just in time by punching the dog and knocking out a mouth full of teeth. Spike pushes it down and accidentally knocks Tom out while trying to help him swallow it.
Later, the trio are walking until they come across a mud puddle. Spike uses his coat as a way of crossing before a delivery truck splashes them with mud, leaving them in blackface. The delivery trucks drops a package leaving Tom, Jerry and Spike to see what's in it. they see that it is a steak and take it home to grill it. Before they decide eat it, they draw line on each with a chalk to decide which one can have which size. After Spike gives Jerry a small piece, he give Tom the bone which angers the cat into putting a fork in Spike's hand. The trio fight over the steak before the steak flies out of the house breaking the window and lands in a stream. The trio try to catch it but it falls into the sewers. Anguished by what happened, Tom, Jerry and Spike realize all of them can never be good pals again. Spike angrily rips up the treaty and then runs to the outside of the house, again picking the baseball bat up, while Tom once again picks up the pan and Jerry takes the pipe up one more time to continue their original fight of beating each other up.