Kappal

The story starts with Vasu (Vaibhav) narrating his story from childhood. He has four close friends (Karunakaran, Arjunan, Venkat Sundar, Karthik Priyadarshan) and they hero worship Seenu Anna (Robo Shankar) for his dedication to friendship and one day he advises to them that marriage will spoil friendship and all the friends take this seriously, except for Vasu, who always has a liking for girls, and he is forced to promise not to marry lifelong along with his friends. After failing many attempts of falling in love at school and college (his friends spread rumor that Vasu is gay), Vasu decides to leave to Chennai so that he would get an opportunity to love a girl. He stays with Nelson (VTV Ganesh) who has affair with many rich and beautiful girls and he persuades him to trap a rich girl citing that middle class and college girls will have bigger competition and high expectations but super rich girls have a very less expectations and many guys do not try to date them assuming its impossible to woo them. Also he hands over the pub membership card to Vasu so that he can get to see many rich girls. During a visit to pub, arrives Deepika (Sonam Bajwa) in Audi car but with a male friend who collapses due to over drinking. Vasu falls in love with her instantly and he helps her lift the friend and also accompanies her to the pub and befriends her. But next day when he visits her home she is unable to recall about him since she was drunk the previous night and rejects his love advances. After all the cop thrashing and goons threatening episode, Deepika falls in love with him. Meanwhile his friends come to know about his love affair and threaten him to break up with her. But when he acts like committing suicide they act as if they accept his love but secretly plan to irritate Deepika and break their love. Deepika gets annoyed by their behavior and soon they manage to create a rift between both and the duo get separated. Deepika gets depressed and decides to marry a family friend (Steeve Vatz) who keeps proposing her from the beginning. Also, Vasu is very depressed after the breakup, and soon his friends decide that the only way they can see their friend happy is to patch him up with his lady love, and they plot many master plans to stop the wedding, and finally the wedding is stopped. Deepika then gets married to Vasu and they lead a happy life. Vasu also keeps in touch with his friends forever.