Ekkadiki Pothavu Chinnavada

Arjun (Nikhil Siddharth) after finishing off his exam waits at marriage registrar office for his girlfriend Ayesha to marry but Ayesha doesn't come, and Arjun is left heart broken. Few years later Arjun's friend Kishore (Vennela Kishore) gets mentally disturbed and he feels that he is possessed by some spirit. For treatment Arjun takes Kishore to Kerala. While Kishore is treated, Arjun gets close to a girl named Amala (Hebah Patel) and gets attracted to her as he feels she is similar to Ayesha in terms of attitude. After Kishore's treatment, Arjun is once again left heartbroken as Amala leaves the place without even informing him. Arjun goes after Amala to her village, Vijaywada, and gets shocked by knowing that Amala met with an accident many years back and the girl whom he met in Kerala is not Amala. Back in Hyderabad, Arjun meets the girl who supposed to be Amala and founds that her actual name is Nithya and gets to know that in the past Nithya was possessed by a spirit whose name was Amala and for treatment Nithya went to Kerala. Gradually, Nithya and Arjun get closer but at that time Amala's spirit enters another girl's body whose name is Parvati (Nandita Swetha) and comes to Arjun's house. Arjun, although tensed, maintains a normal behaviour with Amala. Gradually Arjun's close behavior with Nithya makes Amala (Parvati) furious and emotional as she is possessive about Arjun. At that point, Amala reveals the truth that she is none other than Ayesha - the same girl whom Arjun was supposed to marry but unfortunately on the day of marriage, she met with an accident and died on the spot. She says that she has saved the girl named Parvathi when she was attempting a suicide because she was supposed to marry her uncle which she doesn't like. After hearing all this Arjun feels guilty and sad that he couldn't identify her and he tries to stop her but Amala does not pay heed to any of his pleas. Amala feels that Arjun no longer loves her and leaves Parvathi's body. After gaining consciousness, Parvathi is unable to recognise Arjun and at this point of time Parvathi's uncle (Raja Ravindra) comes there and beats Arjun. When he is about to kill Arjun, Amala once again enters Parvathi's body and saves Arjun. While in the hospital, Amala gets to know from Nithya that Arjun is still in love with her and thats why he had said no to Nithya's love proposal,but at this time Kishore with the help of Swamiji , who cured him too, from Kerala makes Amala's soul leave Parvathi body and captures it.Swami consoles Arjun that it's against gods will for a soul to live on earth after death.A few months later Arjun meets Nithya on road and he finds that some of her behaviour resembles that of Amala and ends up proposing her for marriage.