Khoobsurat

Alishba Jowdat is a highly educated and professional physiotherapist who works for the Pakistan Super League. Her skills are proven when she is shown fixing a cricketer's leg cramp moments before he has to go on the field. Her mother Saima Jowdat hopes that she will find a suitable and charming man to marry someday. As fate would have it, her services are called for by a Royal family in Lahore where Raja Omar Iqbal is paralyzed waist down. She is told that 40 doctors have already left the job, so evidently treating the King is no easy task.
Alishba travels to the royal palace and meets the discipline-oriented queen, Rani Sadia Ommar who is not amused by Alishba's enthusiasm and clumsiness, and they do not get along very well. Alishba finds that her casual way of living does not appeal to the royal family whose strict discipline demands otherwise. Inside the palace, she meets Yuvraj Hussain Iqbal the prince, whose distant personality makes him similar to his parents. She also discovers that Yuvarani Zainab Iqbal the youngest child princess of the family, has an interest in cinema but is being forced to study business management. Alishba becomes good friends with Zainab and encourages her to follow her passion.
The King keeps avoiding his exercise and this troubles Alishba and because she is determined to cure him, she turns to Hussain for help. He gives Alishba the same answer that the Queen gave her, "if you cannot handle the job, you may leave". Alishba gets frustrated and tries to explain to them that all family members must help the King to get better instead of being stubborn, rigid and self-centered all the time.
Just when Alishba decides to leave, she learns the real reason for the King's unwillingness from the Royal servant Tariq Hafeez. He explains that ten years ago, the family's eldest son died in an accident in a convertible gifted by the King, during one of their long rides. The King went into a coma for over six months during which the Queen's demeanour changed due to the loss of her son, the paralysis of her husband and the royal responsibilities suddenly thrust upon her. The Palace used to be a fun-filled and happy place but after the accident, everything and everyone changed. Alishba shames the King into getting over his guilt and going a step further, tries to befriend the King by encouraging him to tell her about his favourite wine, and plays video games with him. She also encourages him to talk about the car accident.
After 2- 3 months, Alishba sees improvements, and by this time the King has befriended her and is on good terms with her. One day the king persuades the prince to take Alishba with him to Amjad Palace. After that, the prince leaves Alishba in the market and goes to a meeting. Alishba gets kidnapped, and when Alishba saves her, they both kiss.
The next day, they both decide to forget about it but the two start falling for each other. Alishba confesses her love for him but Hussain refuses to acknowledge it, saying that they come from two different stocks. He is also engaged to a lady of his status Eman Farooq. Zainab runs away to try out for auditions in Islamabad. Alishba informs the queen that she knew about Alishba's plans. The queen becomes furious and Alishba is ordered to leave. Zainab returns and tells Sadia that she came back because of Alishba. The king surprises Sadia by standing up from his wheelchair and admits that he saw Zainab run away. He tells her that this is what Alishba has been trying to teach them; to love life as it is. Alishba, however, is heartbroken due to Hussain's refusal. Hussain breaks off his engagement with Eman and confesses his love for Alishba and the royal couple gives him their blessings, telling him to go find her in Karachi. Hussain finds her house and finds out that Alishba is gone for therapy. He goes to the place where she is being treated. Hussain is shocked to see the place. It is actually a paintball arena. Alishba agrees to his proposal. She does shoot paintballs on Hussain. Hussain wins Alishba's mother's approval by proposing to Alishba in her style, and hence, as the wife of Yuvraj Hussain Iqbal, Alishba is given the title of The Royal Misfit.