The Looking Glass War

During the early 1960s, a British military intelligence organisation referred to as "The Department" receives dubious information from a defector that Soviet missiles are being placed at Rostock, near the West German border. Although The Department ran successful aerial reconnaissance missions against the Nazis during the Second World War, it has since slipped into irrelevance and risks being assimilated by its rival, the more experienced and professional "Circus," led by chief "Control" and his second-in-command, George Smiley. Once a thriving division of British intelligence, The Department has been diminished to a skeleton crew of its own chief, Leclerc, a once-glorious air commander now reduced to a bureaucrat; his 32-year-old aide, Avery, who only took the job because he failed as a book publisher; Taylor, an elderly man who sees his job as his last chance at glory; and Haldane, a pompous but intellectually gifted researcher whose work on East Germany and the Soviet Union has single-handedly kept the organization funded by Whitehall.
Leclerc sees the missile intelligence as an opportunity to relive his glory days and regain ground in The Department's turf war with The Circus. To get aerial photographs, The Department pays a civilian pilot to "accidentally" divert his flight over the area. Taylor is dispatched to collect the film, where he's killed in a hit and run and the film is lost. Leclerc interprets the accident as a Stasi assassination and confirmation of the missile theory. Further blunders are made when Avery tries to retrieve Taylor's body in the hope that the film is still among his effects.
In spite of their setbacks, The Department persuades the responsible Minister to allow them to send an agent into East Germany. Leclerc avoids involving The Circus directly, representing the operation as a training exercise in order to obtain an obsolete crystal radio from Smiley. The Department reactivates one of its wartime agents, a middle-aged, naturalised Pole named Fred Leiser. During his preparation, Haldane and Avery have Leiser believe that The Department is still the large, vital and competent organisation he remembers from the war, instilling him with false confidence. Leiser and Avery strike up a deep friendship, with each seeing the other as his last chance at redemption: Avery feels like running a successful agent will mean he's finally done something meaningful with his life, while Leiser- in the throes of a midlife crisis- simply wants to feel useful again.[original research?]
When crossing the border, Leiser kills a young East German guard, an outrage which is widely published in the East German media. The incident shakes Leiser. After stealing a motorcycle, he meets a young German girl who agrees to give him aid in exchange for him taking her back to the West. Leiser makes radio transmissions from her hotel room, forgetting to change frequencies as he continues to fixate on the border guard's death. The blunder − coupled with Leiser's outdated equipment − allows the Germans to quickly trace the source of his transmissions, and the hotel is raided by police.
Now made aware of the full extent of the Department's plan, Smiley is sent by the Circus to round up Leclerc, Haldane and Avery, and terminate the operation. After informing them about the debacle in East Germany, Smiley tactfully convinces Leclerc to abandon Leiser, explaining that his obsolete equipment and sloppy techniques will make denials of his role as a spy more plausible. Haldane and Leclerc are mollified by their new roles within an appended Research Section to the Circus; only Avery sobs inconsolably over the futility of the operation and the loss of Leiser. The missile site, meanwhile, almost certainly never existed. The defector has a history of trying to sell fabricated "information" to Western services, the photographs he provided as evidence are dubious, and Leiser was unable to corroborate any part of his story.