Fakt Ladh Mhana

The story revolves around a gang who consists of Tukaram (Bharat Jadhav), Westindies (Siddharth Jadhav), a dark guy, Kanphatya (Sanjay Narvekar), who has hearing problems, a Salim (Santosh Juvekar), Alex (Aniket Vishwasrao), an aggressive guy, Paani Cum a small boy and Baba Bhai (Mahesh Manjarekar) leader of the gang. The story of film about the suicides of the farmers.
'Aptegaon' a progressive village in Maharashtra is suddenly in news thanks to its impending Special Economic Zone or SEZ status. As a result, Land prices are to zoom, but the villagers are still unaware of their village's impending SEZ status . Industry Minister Madhusudan Patil, the MLA from Aptegaon, a clean image, but highly corrupt politician controls Aptegaon village through his aide Kulkarni, who loans huge amounts of money to farmers and thus keeping them at his mercy, since most of them have no other option but to sell him their land. The piece of land, Madhu is after, is a 7-acre plot adjoining the river, which belongs to a war hero Gangadhar. Madhusudan has already pre-sold this land at a fancy price to an industrialist Veer Dhawal.
The school teacher, Milind gets wind of the SEZ status and cautions the villagers, resulting in him being killed by Madhusudan's brother Bhasker. Bhasker, Madhusudan& Kulkarni run riots as a result Gangadhar loses his life too. Gangadhar's son Vithobais is sure its murder, but all the evidence available points towards suicide, which the villagers don’t agree to. Vithoba's last option is to turn to his cousin Tukaram who is part of the underworld in Mumbai, controlled by the goon Bababhai.
Tukaram is furious when he learns about his uncle Gangadhar's killing and leaves for Aptegaon with his accomplices Alex, West Indies, Salim, Kanfatya, & their chaiwala Panikam. On reaching there they realize they are fighting an enemy bigger than they have ever faced in their life. Blinding fury rises in each one of them & they decide to fight. Even at the cost of their lives.They threaten Kulkarni and take him to the police custody.But because of Madhusudhan Patil's power Kulkarni is saved and the five boys are arrestes .They are ordered by Bababhai to come back to Mumbai. While going the discovered that Bhaskarrao had killed Panikum.Alex is very angry and they decide to stay back and avenge his death. They threaten Madhusudhan Patil,Bhaskarrao and Kulkarni that they will kill then in 12 days.They hide at Madhusudhan Patil's farmhouse. They capture Kulkarni and get the evidence of Madhusudhan Patil's illegal work.They also kill Lokesh Dharne a man under him who is responsible for the death of Milind Master.Madhusudhan Patil calls his goons to kill the five boys.One night Madhusudhan Patil realizes that the five boys are hiding in his farmhouse. They fight with them there and in the fight Salim and Kanfatya die.Afterwards West Indies Tukaram and Alex kill Bhaskarrao. Somehow Madhusudhan Patil manges to kill them with the help of Bababhai but as he cremates them,they come out of their pyres and attack Madhusudhan Patil and his men.In the end Madhusudhan Patil is burnt to death by the boys and Bababhai and they proudly walk away. .