Super Police

Inspector Vijay (Venkatesh) 27 is an honest police officer. His past love Bharathi (Soundarya)19, a journalist, died in a road accident and from that day he became a drunkard. Vijay comes on rental to the house of a journalist Renuka (Jayasudha) 33 who had been divorced from her abusive husband SP Prakash (Ahuti Prasad) 37 because of his turpitudinous character and lives with her three children. Vijay comes closer to Renuka's family and develops an attachment to her children.
Abbanna (Kota Srinivasa Rao) 47 is a big shot in society. He's an actor for his acting career but soon he becomes a director for his directing career for the telugu film industry. However, he's using lots of violence for all of his several movies, which angers the producer, leading him to not keeping his job. He decide to become a MLA to gains support and helps other so everyone think that Abbanna is a great man, but he is a big smuggler and gangster, and also has underground contacts with terrorists. Home Minister (Chalapathi Rao) 41 and SP Prakash are also their henchmen. Roja (Nagma) 24 a petty thief falls in love with Vijay.
Vijay always gives a tough fight to Abbanna and his gang and also makes his daughter's marriage with her lover without his permission due to which Abbanna develops enmity on Vijay. Meanwhile, Vijay gather proofs against Abbanna & gang with the help of Renuka, so they plan to kill Vijay. Abbanna keeps a bomb in Vijay's house, but unfortunately, Renuka dies in the bomb blast. In that anger, Vijay shows his violence on Abbanna & gang while they are doing a ceremonial ritual, that leads to his suspension. At the same time, SP Prakash throws out his three children from their house, and Vijay adopts them. Suddenly Abbanna & gang attack Vijay and beat him very badly and he is hospitalized. Roja takes care of Vijay & children and he too starts loving her.
After the speedy recovery, Vijay spots a handicapped person Ebrahim (Siva Krishna) 44 who shots Abbanna in a meeting to kill. Abbanna's men encounter on Ebrahim, Vijay stonewalls him. Vijay inquires Ebrahim regarding his animosity towards Abbanna, then Ebrahim reveals the past. Two years back he was a watchman in Abbanna's factory. One day he observes Abbanna's secret allegations with terrorists and he informs Police & Press. Meanwhile, Abbanna kills Ebrahim's family and makes him handicapper, incidentally, Bharathi (Vijay's love) arrives there and covers the entire episode in a video. They chase and kill her and created it as an accident, then Vijay understands that Bharathi didn't die in an accident and he also comes to know Bharathi has secretly hidden the video cassette. Vijay succeeds to acquire the cassette. Abbanna comes to know regarding this, he kidnaps children and blackmails Vijay for the video cassette. Finally, Vijay protects the children, snaps all the baddies, hands over them to police, gets back his job, and marries Roja.