Kidilol Kidilam

The whole story is framed to be happen in a local village called as Aadityapuram Panchayath. Krishnan is the local tailor. Karunakara Kurup is the panchayath president and a typical politician. He used to moke people and telling to sanction all their requests. But practically he do's nothing. Eesho & Gangadharan are local constables. Mettuppalayam Muniyandi is new sub inspector of police in-charge and he is the font off with bribery and women. So he is always getting transfers. Raji is wife of Raghu. Their marriage was love marriage but after the marriage their life got worse. Her step mother always tortured her both mentally and physically. She always want her to be in home, actually she was the only bread winner of the family. Her so-called husband was not doing any job, he was living with her money. Raji is also a victim of the dowry system. His father was not able to give the full amount asked by Raghu, so from then she was brutally tortured. Movie starts with the intro of the six fellows, as usual they are planning some thing weird. Accidentally they beat guy for an ornament he was from a rich family. So their headache started. The complaint was raised to police station and all of them were called to the police station. Meanwhile everyone was terrified by the arrival of new S.I Mettuppalayam Muniyandi. Within two days he came and takes the charge. He beat them and harassed them. They left the station with the fire of revenge. They realized his weakness to women. Achu called him with mimicry of a women, introducing herself as Vijayalskshmi and asked him to come into a bank where she is working now. She (He) said about the dress codes of her. He met a women with the same and tried to flirt with her, He was beaten by the natives and he is admitted to the hospital. The stupid S.I couldn't find the culprits. Meanwhile, Raji was tortured immensely, whenever she try to go office, her step mother demands to finish all house hold works before she leaves. That show how much she had to suffer in that home. The six, plans another trap for S.I. When all things going like this one morning is found dead in a nearby pond. From this moment the movie twists and goes through the case enquiry. Two CBI officers Rambhadran & Eeppan george, takes charge for the enquiry. And finally they finds out the culprit. Who is that? Find it out.