Khaleja

A remote village named Pali in Andhra Pradesh is struck by an unknown disease, with several villagers dying each month. The village Tantric (Rao Ramesh) predicts that a powerful man will come to their rescue as God. He assigns his assistant Siddhappa (Shafi) the duty to find a man with such supernatural power, and bring him to their village.
Meanwhile, Alluri Seetarama Raju alias Raju (Mahesh Babu) is an eccentric Orange Cab driver who lives in Hyderabad, with his grandfather (Kota Srinivasa Rao), a teacher. Raju is currently in Rajasthan in search of the family of a man named Bilavar Singh. In his journey, He meets a Gemini TV television reporter Baabji (Sunil) who comes to Rajasthan to shoot a travel documentary.
Raju introduces himself to Baabji and tells him the reason for him being in Rajasthan. He describes a woman named Subhashini (Anushka Shetty), whom he considers brings bad luck to him. Previously he encountered her in various occasions in which she damages his taxi due to her reckless driving. Raju lands in hospital one day when Subhashini mixes epsom salt laxative intended for someone else, in Raju's coffee thinking that it meets her at a coffee shop to collect the compensation for his taxi's damages from her. For this reason, he considers her a bad luck.
One day, he drives two men, Geology Scientist Dr. Paranji and his assistant Bilavar Singh, to their destination the Geological Survey of India. But he sees them getting gunned down by some hench men and Bilavar falls out of a window and lands straight on Raju's taxi, completely destroying it. Since Bilavar has insurance, Raju's boss tells him to deliver the insurance check of Rs. 5,00,000 to Bilavar Singh's family in Girdwala, Rajasthan and get Rs. 1,00,000 in return to pay for his car damages.
Meanwhile, Subhashini's father, business magnate Durga Prasad (Tanikella Bharani), brings her a match, another business magnate GK's (Prakash Raj) son. The main reason for the proposal is to establish a strong business partnership. GK's son takes her to Rajasthan for a date. But Subhashini runs away after she sees a condom packet drop from his pocket and realizes his true intentions. GK finds out about it and informs Durga Prasad and promises to bring Subhashini back. He sends his henchman, Govardhan (Subbaraju) to Rajasthan in search of Subhashini. To Raju's dismay, Subhashini finds Raju and Baabji and learns that she is in Rajasthan. Subhashini, Baabji, Raju, and a botanist Tom (Ali) find Girdwala and hand over the check to Bilavar Singh's family, but Raju refuses to ask for the Rs. 1,00,000 when he sees the family's poverty. Tom remains in the village as the villagers want to punish him for cutting a sentimental plant, Baabji goes away with his shooting team, but does not offer them a ride as he is scared of Subhashini's reckless behavior.
As Raju and Subhashini return, Govardhan's men attack, stab Raju, and take Subhashini after knocking her unconscious. But Raju survives, fights and kills almost all of Govardhan's men, while Govardhan escapes from the scenario leaving Subhashini behind. Just as Raju goes unconscious, Sidhappa finds him and believes he is the God after seeing the omens. Sidhappa and Subhashini take Raju to Pali, where the villagers treat his wounds. After waking up, he finds all of the villagers praising him as their God. He finds out from Subhashini that they are in Pali, and that the villagers see him as the supernatural Godsend that the village Tantric was describing about, and who will rescue the village. Initially reluctant to help them out, he escapes to Hyderabad where he hands over Subhashini to her father. After realizing that Tom and Siddappa followed him to Hyderabad, Raju puts fate to the test and when he understands the concept of deityhood and god, he makes it a goal to solve the mystical series of deaths in the village. After tracking down a doctor (who works for GK), the dean of the medical college run by GK (who set up the medical camp in Pali), Govardhan and Miriyam (Brahmanandam), GK's lawyer, Raju discovers that the plastic factory in Pali deposits it's wastes in the driking water source nearby, thus contaminating and killing the villagers. While Tom and Siddappa think this is the end of the story, Raju suspects that there is more to the story, that so many villagers are dying due to the plastic factory waste that is being contaminated with drinking water, and GK actually wants the villagers in Pali to die, which was why GK had the Government's medical camp removed periodically. He finds GK's assistant (Archana) and suspects that she has something to do with GK's plan as she did not get into his taxi along with Geologist Paranji, indicating that she knew beforehand that he was going to be killed. Raju inquires her about GK's intentions, who reveals that Paranji discovered earlier that there is a large Iridium deposit under Pali, which is worth billions, and informed GK about it.
Despite GK's warning to Paranji of not revealing it to anybody else, he tries to inform the Geological Survey of India about the deposits, which was why he and Bilavar Singh, who was with him, were killed that day. GK suspects that Raju might also know about the Iridium deposit because he was with Paranji when he was killed which was why GK sent Govardhan to kill him, not to retrieve Subhashini. Raju was lured to Girdwala under the cover of delivering the insurance check to Bilavar Singh's family (GK had the insurance documents planted) and was attacked by Govardhan. GK needs the strong plastic glass from the plastic factory to pack the Iridium. He wanted the Pali villagers to vacate (to dig the Iridium ore without trouble) on their own to avoid suspicion, which was why he poisoned Pali's environment using the plastic factory's waste.
GK kills his assistant and Govardhan for their failures. GK then heads to Pali to kill all of the villagers before the truth goes out to the public. The village head warns GK that Raju is their God,that he would bring death to GK and keep the Pali's population at 534,not letting any more die in the process. Raju arrives at Pali along with Sidhappa. GK immediately shoots Sidhappa and kills him, reducing the population to 533. Before dying,Siddhappa looks into Raju's eyes,dying happily after Enraged, Raju kills all of GK's goons, and severs GK's palm. A terrified GK starts escaping with Raju in pursuit. Raju catches up to him, and GK dies when a religious knife hanging from a nearby tree falls and stabs him in the neck after Raju curses him to die. The village head finally reveals that Raju fulfilled his mission as God to save the village as, although Sidhappa was killed, another baby was born to keep the village's population at 534.The film ends with a new flag being put up in honor of the new birth.