Janumada Jodi

Krishna (Shivarajkumar) and (Shilpa) from Chandrapur. Sangari Gowda is the bad guy, and Thangappa is his side-kick. A bull-cart runs amok at the fair. Krishna chases and stops it. He goes on a ride, and is put in a seat beside a girl. Their eyes meet ? they have fallen in love at first sight against the background of dancers at the fair. They are waiting for Heere Gowda to pull the cart with the Goddess Mahalaxmi, but because he hadn't come, they are going to get Rammana, a local Justice to pull the cart instead. But Sangari Gowda, Heere?s son thinks he should pull it and in revenge gets someone to remove the retaining stick which prevents the wheel coming off the axle. Krishna is pulling the cart when he discovers what has happened, and he holds the wheel on, till another stick is found, thus preventing a tragedy which would have resulted if the wheel had come off, as the cart would have toppled and could have crushed many women and children.
Krishna is on his bullock cart, on his way home, when he sees the girl and her friend. He offers them a lift home, which they gladly accept. Her friend is called Mani, but she won?t tell Krishna her name, she says her name is joined with a flower: giving birth on the earth, it reaches to the sky so her name is Kanaka. Kanaka?s mother has died, and she has a step-mother who treats her very badly, and makes her do all the work. She wants Kanaka to marry her brother, a useless drunk, much older than Kanaka.
Krishna finds out that Sangari Gowda had got Thangappa to get men to remove the stick from the axle of the cart, but had not paid them. He insists that Sangari Gowda pays them, then he makes them put the money in the temple donation-box, so they don?t profit from their crime. Then we meet a girl who wants to marry Krishna, saying that their parents had arranged their marriage when they were children but Krisna rejects her, he loves Kakini. There are a lot more twists in the plot, like Sangari Gowda trying to have Krishna killed in a boat race. Will they ever unite? Watch the film to find out.