Jolly LLB 2

Jagdishwar "Jolly" Mishra is a Lucknow based lawyer who stays with his beautiful wife Pushpa Pandey and works as an assistant to one of the most famous lawyers of Lucknow, Mr. Rizvi. To arrange money for his own chamber, Jolly lies to a widow, Hina Qasim telling her that Rizvi will take her case and that the fee is 200,000 rupees. When Hina finds out that she has been bluffed by Jolly, she commits suicide. Jolly soon discovers that Hina's husband Iqbal Qasim was killed in a fake encounter on the very next day of their marriage by Inspector Suryaveer Singh, showing him as Mohammed Iqbal Quadri, a terrorist. Singh also shot dead a fellow constable, Bhadouria in order to show the encounter as genuine.
Filled with guilt, Jolly decides to fight Hina's case & files a PIL. Singh then hires Lucknow's best lawyer Pramod Mathur to fight his case. After reprimanding Jolly for his mistakes in filing the PIL and no credible evidence, Justice Sunderlal Tripathi gives a date for hearing and warns Jolly to collect some evidence before the hearing.
Jolly is able to get FIR copy and papers regarding the case with the help of a bookie Guru Ji in Varanasi by paying him subsequent amount . Later he is able to track Ram Kumar Bhadauria, the son of the constable who died in the fake encounter. This backfires as Advocate Mathur, uses his power and money to tamper with the narco test video of the witness. Though the Judge orders disciplinary action against Jolly for showing alleged dishonest evidence, The chairman of the Discipline Committee, Mr. Rizvi gives Jolly 4 days of time to prove himself correct, as he also feels guilty of not fighting the case himself.
Jolly travels to Kashmir and gets confirmation of the truth from Fahim Butt, a constable who visited Lucknow to identify the terrorist during Iqbal Qasim and Hina's wedding. Fahim, now suspended and arrested in a fake case, reveals that the person who died in the encounter was not the real terrorist and that he also filed a complaint against Singh. Jolly flees with Fahim to Lucknow. Meanwhile, Jolly coaxes the police commissioner V.K Paul to tell the truth or else, he will file PIL against all the encounters done by him. Advocate Mathur, tries his best to avoid Fahim from giving statement in the court as he stops proceeding in the courtroom by sitting on the floor. The judge also sits on the floor, refusing to be swayed by Mathur's tactic.
At midnight, the Judge ignores his plea and decides to carry on the proceedings. After Fahim's statement Jolly with the help of police commissioner presents Quadri, who fakes his identity as a Brahmin Pandit. After the initial reluctance by the Judge, Jolly rapidly fires questions to Iqbal by asking him details of the Shastras. Iqbal finally breaks up and admits that he is the terrorist and had bribed Inspector Singh to set him free. Judge then declares Iqbal Qasim innocent and orders the arrest of the terrorist and gives life imprisonment to Suryaveer Singh along with his accomplices for charge of murder, erasing evidence, misleading court and showing false evidences and thus Jolly wins the case.