Nindu Samsaram

Bhaskar an honest, truthful gentleman came to the city for work to take care of his blind father Brahmaiah (Chittor V. Nagaiah), mother Saraswatamma (Hemalatha) and disabled sister Shanta (Anitha) who are staying with his shrewd sister-in-law Tulasamma (S. Varalakshmi) and incapable elder brother Ranganatham (Prabhakar Reddy). Once Bhaskar finds a purse of a lorry driver Subbarayudu (Jagga Rao) with money and driving license. Bhaskar handover's it to him. Subbarayudu and his sister Seeta (Dubbing Janaki) are grateful to him, they keep Bhaskar along with him and gets him a job in his company. Tulasamma takes away all the money sent by Bhaskar and always accuses her in-laws. Shanta writes a letter to Bhaskar regarding the behavior of their sister-in-law. He immediately starts to their village. During the travel, he gets acquaintance with Jyothi (Krishna Kumari). When he reaches home he sees Tulasamma harassing his parents and sister. This becomes a big quarrel, Bhaskar takes his parents & sister along with him and takes shelter in Brahmaiah's friend Somayya’s (Ramana Reddy) house who is a school teacher. Somaiah’s son Mohan loves Shanta. Bhaskar starts working at various places where Jyothi sees his honesty, so, she sends an appointment letter to him by telling her father Zamindar Umakanta Rao (Relangi) to join as a lorry driver in their company. Ranganatham also works there as manager he tells his brother not to reveal their relationship.
Meanwhile, Bhaskar & Jyothi fell in love. Tulasamma's brother Maya (Padmanabham) a cheat, decides to deceive Umakanta Rao and grab his property by marrying Jyothi. Tulasamma's son steals gold bangles in Umakanta Rao’s house during a function which Bhaskar notices, Tulasamma puts the blame on Bhaskar but he is silent to keep the honor of his brother and he loses his job. Umakanta Rao denies Jyothi's wish and fixes her marriage with Maya. At the same time, Brahmaiah & Sommaiah decides to make the marriage of their children. Tulasamma plans to break the marriage, she comes to know that Somaiah has taken a huge debt from Umakantha Rao, So, she and her brother Maya Provocate Umakantha Rao to get back it. During the time of engagement, Ranganatham reaches there and forces Somaiah to repay the amount otherwise his house will be auctioned. Listening to this Brahmaiah gets the heart attack and dies. Here Ranganatham realizes his mistake and changes his attitude. Shanta is not able to bare all these situations, so, she tries to commit suicide when Bhaskar tries to protect her he observes another girl also trying to commit suicide. He recognizes her as Subbarayudu's sister Seeta, takes her to his house when he asks her why she had done this, she replies that she has been cheated by a person who is none other than Maya. Bhaskar gives an assurance to both Shanta & Seeta that he will set-right their lives. First, he decides to repay the debt of Umakantha Rao for that he participates in a car race and wins. Parallelly, Umakantha Rao is under the process making marriage arrangements of Jyothi & Maya. In the last minute of marriage, Jyothi reveals entire truth to his father, brings out the real faces of Maya & Tulasamma. Now Umakanta Rao decides to make Jyothi's marriage with Bhaskar, makes Maya in mindful condition and performs his marriage with Seeta. After seeing all this, Tulasamma wants to take revenge against Bhaskar, so, he sends goons to kill Him. Ranganatham comes to know regarding this, he squashes out Tulasamma and goes to the protection of his brother when goons are about to kill Bhaskar Ranganatham comes in between and he is wounded. Tulasamma is also under contrition and says sorry to everyone. Finally, the entire family is reunited and the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage Bhaskar & Jyothi.