BASEketball

Joe "Coop" Cooper and Doug Remer are 23 and unemployed. After arriving uninvited at a party hosted by a former high school classmate, they are shunned by their more mature (and successful) classmates. Coop and Remer find themselves outside drinking beer and shooting basketball when two classmates challenge them to a game. After seeing that their opponents are very good at basketball, they say they will only play a game they picked up in the streets (while secretly inventing the rules as they play, based on both basketball and baseball). After winning, they decide to refine the rules to the game and Coop makes the first BASEketball out of a La-Z-Boy chair. Their friend, Kenny "Squeak" Scolari, tags along and the sport becomes very popular in the neighborhood over the next six months.
Businessman Ted Denslow meets Coop and Remer and proposes the creation of the National BASEketball League (NBL) along with numerous rules in place to prevent its decline: teams cannot switch cities, players cannot be traded, individuals cannot make money via corporate sponsorship deals, and it is completely open to anyone who wants to play, with Denslow stating 'anyone can be a sports' hero'. Coop initially hesitates, but quickly accepts the opportunity at hand.
Five years later, the NBL is in full swing with teams, fans, stadiums, and a major championship, the Denslow Cup, hosted by Al Michaels and Bob Costas. Denslow is owner of the Milwaukee Beers, Coop and Remer's team. During the championship game, Denslow dies from choking on a hot dog, causing Coop to miss his shot and costing the Beers the game. Denslow's will names Coop as owner of the Beers for one year on the condition that they win the next Denslow Cup; otherwise, ownership reverts to Denslow's widow Yvette. Coop declares Remer part owner of the team, and they come to meet Jenna Reed, head of the Dream Come True Foundation, and Joey, one of the children in her care and an avid fan of BASEketball.
Baxter Cain, owner of the Dallas Felons, wants to remove Denslow's rules preventing monetization of the sport, but could not while Denslow was alive. However, Coop refuses to accept any changes; Cain partners with Yvette as he tries to make the Beers lose the next Denslow Cup so she will own the team.
Cain cuts the funding to Jenna's foundation to get Coop and Remer to adopt a clothing line; Coop is against it, but Remer agrees and becomes obsessed with his newfound status. After the semifinals, Cain informs Coop and Remer that the clothing line has been produced through child labor in Calcutta; if the public finds out, the team and Jenna's foundation will be ruined. Cain blackmails Coop and Remer into losing or forfeiting the Denslow Cup game or he will inform the public. Jenna learns about the scandal and breaks up with Coop as Coop and Remer blame each other for the mess.
With their friendship in shambles, Coop goes to Calcutta, aiming to resolve the situation by replacing the child workers with adults. Making it back to the championship game just as it begins, Coop still blames Remer and the Beers perform abysmally; by the seventh-inning stretch, the Beers are down 16-0. Having had enough of Coop and Remer's fighting, Squeak gives the stadium a pep talk, reminding Coop and Remer where they came from, how much they changed everyone else's lives, and what they risk losing. Moved, Coop and Remer reconcile their differences as Yvette breaks off her alliance with Cain. After getting their heads back in the game, they are poised to win when Coop’s La-Z-Boy pops. Coop is distraught until Joey brings him a new BASEketball made from a Barcalounger. After a harrowing last throw, they win the Denslow Cup. Jenna forgives Coop as Yvette makes out with Remer.