Bangarada Manushya

The plot of Bangaarada Manushya revolves around Rajiv (Rajkumar), a lad educated in the city. The movie starts off with Rajiv, who is on his way to visit his sister Sharadha(Adeevani Lakshmidevi). On his way from railway station to his sister's house he sings "Nagu nagutha nali", a song which became a bit hit for its brilliant and inspirational lyrics and the melodious voice of P B Srinivas. Upon reaching he finds to his astonishment that his brother-in-law ("bhava" in Kannada) has died. As his brother-in-law was the sole bread-winner in the family there was no one to look after Rajiv's elder sister("akka" in Kannada), her two sons(Vajramuni and Srinath) and her daughter, Saraswati who are still pursuing education. The sister had not informed Rajiv of her husband's ill health as she thought Rajiv would find it hard to concentrate on his examinations. The elder brother Ramachandra( Loknath) is a puppet in his wife's hands( M N Lakshmi devi) and always listens to her. As per her demands he doesn't even pay for funeral costs and returns to the city with his wife and daughter fearing that he would have to bear the burden of her sister's family. Rajiv decides the best way to get back on the horse is to start farming on his brother-in-law's land. But for that he needs capital, which he decides to ask from the village head and family friend Rachutappa (Balakrishna). Rajiv also asks money for Keshava (Vajramuni) and Chakrapani's(Srinath) education costs. Rachutappa lends without hesitation.
Keshava and Chakrapani leave for Bengaluru. Rajiv's sister is still hopeful of her elder brother helping her out and hence goes to his house. Upon her arrival she meets her sister-in-law who treats her harshly and asks her husband to get rid of this metaphorical albatross. Humiliated, she returns home and informs Rajiv about this who had half expected it. Rajiv's brother-in-law's land had been cultivated by a worker for a long time who after the brother-in-law's death had claimed it as his own. After a small fight between him and Rajiv, interrupted by Rachutappa the worker cedes the land to Rajiv. Now Rajiv begins cultivating his land with help from a friendly villager. On the sidelines, the romance between the neighbour's daughter Lakshmi(Bharathi Vishnuvardhan) results in the hit song "Baala Bangaara". On the lighter side, Rachutappa's son(Dwarakish) who was studying in Bangalore returns to the village where immediately the tussle between the modern ways of the son and the traditional ways of father begins. With the 2 acre land that he was cultivating he was able to make ends meet but it was not enough and decides to buy 25 acres of barren land near the village from the government. Again he takes loan from Rachutappa who advises against this. Undeterred, Rajiv goes ahead. On seeing the barren land Rachutappa collapses in despair thinking Rajiv had made a mistake. Then follows another hit inspirational song from the movie, "Agadu Endu". During the song an important message is given, which is the use of technology in farming. Rajiv with the help of engineers turns the land fertile. Making huge profits, Rajiv repays the loans with interest and builds a proper house replacing the hut they once lived in. He becomes a respectable person in the village.
Rajiv keeps going to another city, Belgaum every 6 months for a day citing one or the other reason. Keshava and Chakrapani return to the village after successfully completing their education. Rajiv and Lakshmi leave for a fair in a nearby village resulting in another hit song "Mysooru Mallige". Though all the elders including Lakshmi's parents had agreed Rajiv and Lakshmi's betrothal, for some reason Rajiv does not agree. On one of his trips to Belgaum, his purpose there is revealed. As he makes his way towards a house, he stops short as a nosy neighbour strikes up a conversation hoping to get more info out of him. The neighbour accuses him of carelessness for leaving his wife and kid and going on business trips for 6 months all the time. Rajiv asks the woman, Sharavathi(Aarathi) about her son, Kishore. Again on the sidelines, an important message of co-operative farming is given through a small incident.
Chakrapani, a doctor decides to stay in the village so does Sridhar. Keshava stays in Bengaluru. The elder brother, Ramachandra's daughter, Nagaveni expresses her wish to marry Keshava, to which even her mother agrees as he is well educated and has a lucrative job. Hence they go to Rajiv's house to talk about this. Rajiv's sister, Sharadha tells Ramachandra to talk about this with Rajiv. Rajiv and Sharadha are opposed to this but decide to respect Keshava and Chakrapani's decision. To their surprise Keshava also expresses his desire to marry Nagaveni. Chakrapani agrees to marry a family friends' daughter. Sridhar, a friend of Keshava and Chakrapani whose education costs were also taken up by Rajiv agrees to marry Saraswati, Keshava and Chakrapani's younger sister. Again on the lighter side, Rachutappa's son starts throwing tantrums that everyone in the village of his age are married except him. Rajiv tries to console him and mend the relationship between son and father. Rachutappa pulls a quick one on Rajiv by putting forth a condition that he will marry off his son only when Rajiv gets married. Finally Rajiv agrees to marriage with Lakshmi. Another song "Hani hani gooddre" is sung during Suggi Habba, showing how the village has flourished.
Keshava's wife Nagaveni pesters him to quit his current job and start a business as his current pay is not enough for their posh life style. Their conversation is interrupted by Patil, who works for Keshava. Patil sees Rajiv's photo in the house and informs him of Rajiv's periodical visit to Belgaum. To confirm the disturbing news given by Patil Keshava goes to Belgaum. He enters Sharavathi's house and sees Rajiv's photo hanging inside. When asked who he was, Sharavathi replies "Mane Yajamanrudu(House owner)". With no respect for Rajiv anymore, Keshava confronts Rajiv and asks 50,000 Rupees so that he could start a business. Rajiv doesn't agree and refuses to give him money until he learns its value. Rajiv leaves the room while Lakshmi and Sharadha is still in the room. Keshava in anger reveals to them about Sharavathi, accusing Rajiv of adultery. Both of them refuse to believe this and decide not to tell Rajiv that they know about Sharavathi. Rajiv had bought Lakshmi a red saree. She decides to wear it while bringing lunch to Rajiv who is the field. On the way the red colour of the clothe attracts a bull which starts chasing her. While Rajiv fights off the bull, Lakshmi falls into a nearby well and by the time Rajiv dives in to save her, it is too late.
Nagaveni convinces Keshava to seek legal help in reclaiming what is rightfully his. Here Rajiv and Sharadha are in utter despair over Lakshmi's loss. In a bid to make a starving Sharadha eat, Rajiv agrees to eat with her. Just when the dinner is set Keshava makes an entrance with a lawyer. Rajiv doesn't entertain this by not even turning around instead Sharadha gets up. While a verbal fight breaks out between son and mother, Keshava hurls some hurtful words at Rajiv. He accuses Rajiv of stealing their property and taking advantage of their situation. He goes to the extent of saying that the rice in front of him is not his. Hearing this Rajiv washes his hands without having eaten a morsel of rice. Quietly Rajiv walks out of the house while praying for the well being of the villagers. Chakrapani tracks down Sharavathi and brings her to Rajiv's house to show Rajiv's greatness to Keshava. Sharavathi reveals that she is their step-sister, i.e., she was the illegitimate child of Sharadha's husband. Rajiv had kept this a secret and had helped her all these years.
All set out to search for Rajiv but they don't find him. Rajiv quietly walks into the sunset.