Iddaru Pellalu

A Zamindar (C.S.R) lives a happy life with his wife Radha (M. V. Rajamma) but the only thing that suffers them is they do not have children. Pushpa (Lakshmikantham) a dancer who earns money through performances at Madras. Once Zamindar comes to Madras where he finds Pushpa meet with a car accident and takes her to hospital. She and her acolyte Appala Swamy (Kasturi Siva Rao) traps the Zamindar and he decides to marry Pushpa. Zamindar convinces Radha and takes Pushpa to his house. Slowly Pushpa takes entire house under her control and starts dominating Radha. As time passes Radha becomes pregnant. At the time of delivery, Zamindar has to go out of the city. Greedy Puspha and Appala Swamy throws the newborn boy in the dustbin and says that she gave birth to a stillborn baby. Ramudu (K. V. Ramana Rao) a sweeper notices the baby in the dustbin and takes with him and names him Mallayya. Ramudu’s wife Lachi (Gangaratnam) is working in Zamindar’s house. Zamindar’s wife starts loving Mallayya who accompanies his mother to work. Pushpa beats Mallayya and Ramudu questions Pushpa why she bet his son. Zamindar gets angry and sends them away. Radha comes to Ramudu’s home to see Mallayya when Zamindar suspects her chastity. In that anger, he beats her very badly and everyone thinks that she is dead. Pushpa says Appala Swamy to throw away the body. In that shock Zamindar mentally disturbed. But actually, Radha is alive who starts living secretly by working on daily wages. Ramudu & Lachi along with Mallayya also leave that village. Years roll by, Mallayya (N. T. Rama Rao) becomes a sculptor and fells in love with a beautiful girl Kannamma (Jamuna). Once Radha meets with an accident and Mallaya & Kannamma saves her. Radha starts staying in Kannamma's house. Ramudu & Lachi also recognizes Radha as their past owner. Parallelly, Pushpa is enjoying the entire property by locking the Zamindar in a room, where he realizes his mistake of neglecting his good wife Radha and having two wives is a wrong thing. Radha comes to know regarding the situation of Zamindar so she goes to meet him but Pushpa & Appala Swamy throws her out of the house. Zamindar observes all this when he threatens Appala Swamy & Pushpa they reveal the entire truth that Radha is alive and they have thrown the newborn baby into the dustbin. At the same time, Ramudu & Lachi also reaches there along with Mallayya and tells Zamindar that the child is none other than Mallayya whom he has adopted. Zamindar & Mallayya go in search of Radha and brings her back home. Pushpa dies by taking poison. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Mallaya & Kannamma.