Vetri Kodi Kattu

Shekhar (Murali) lives in a village near Tenkasi with his mother Deivanai (Manorama) and two sisters. Drought hits their village and agriculture does not prove to be profitable which prompts Sekar to grab the opportunity to leave for Dubai. He sells a portion of his land and gives Rs.1 Lakh to Anandaraj who manages a firm dealing in arranging work visas to people and enabling them to migrate to Dubai.
Muthuraman aka Muthu (Parthiban) lives in a village near Coimbatore and works for a landlord Vijayakumar. Muthu falls in love with his landlord’s daughter Valli (Meena) and the couple get married without the consent of Vijayakumar. Valli challenges her father that she will lead a good life with Muthu. To earn money, Muthu also enrols with Anandaraj’s firm to go to Dubai. Anandaraj takes all the persons enrolled with him to Chennai and the flight is scheduled to leave the next day. But to everyone’s shock, Anandaraj runs away with the corpus fund collected the same night. Police informs that Anandaraj is a fraud involved in looting money.
Everyone leaves the place with much disappointment except Shekhar and Muthu as they are scared much thinking of the consequences to their family if they get to know about the loss of money. Shekhar and Muthu get to know about each other’s family situation and come up with a plan. Sekar goes to Muthu’s home while Muthu goes to Sekar’s home. Shekhar introduces himself as the friend of Muthu and has returned from Dubai. Similarly Muthu introduces to Shekhar’s family as friend of Shekhar from Dubai.
Muthu understands that though the soil in Shekhar’s land is not fit for agriculture, it canbe used for grazing of cows, and decides to buy a couple of cows with the help of Sudalai (Vadivelu) and starts milk business. Meanwhile Shekhar starts a small hotel business as Valli cooks very well. Muthu’s sister Amudha (Malavika) falls in love with Shekhar but Shekhar does not reciprocate thinking it would be betraying the trust of Muthu. Both the family situations improve and Valli feels proud that she has won the challenge against her father. Valli gets pregnant.
Valli gets furious knowing about Amudha’s love towards Shekhar and asks Shekhar to leave home. Shekhar stays in a place opposite Valli’s home. That night, Valli suffers the pangs of labour and Shekhar admits Valli in a hospital and also informs Muthu about the situation and asks him to come immediately. Deivaanai overhears Muthu’s telephone conversation with Shekhar and understands that her son is not in Dubai as believed by everyone. Muthu apologizes to Deivaanai and everyone leaves to Muthu’s village to visit Valli where she gives birth to a baby. Everyone comes to know about Muthu and Shekhar’s plans and they feel proud about their sacrifice for the well-being of their family members.
Pazhani (Charle), who is also cheated by Anandaraj finds him in Coimbatore under another name and running another fake agency and informs Muthu and Shekhar. Now Muthu and Shekhar rush to place and badly thrash Anandaraj and his men for looting the hard earned money from the poor. Anandaraj is handed over to the police and the Police Commissioner (Rajeev), who had reprimanded them for losing their money to Anandraj in Chennai, and is now posted in Coimbatore, assures everyone that the money lost will be recovered. Meanwhile Muthu and Shekhar make the others realize that there are plenty of opportunities available in India, to earn money and instead there is no need to leave to another country to make money leaving all the relatives and family members back here, and the Police Commissioner praises them for their views. Also Muthu and Shekhar reconcile with their families at the Commissioner's Office and Muthu and Valli agree to get Amudha married to Shekhar.