Power ***

Krishna Prasad (Prabhu) is a politician driven by idealistic values and a sense of social service. His followers are his brother Sathya (Dharma), and supporters (Shobharaj, Sharath Lohitashwa). The people of Krishnanna's constituency elect him as a legislator. Krishna an ardent follower of Dr. Rajkumar, establishes his own independent political empire, consensus with ideals proposed by Rajkumar. Krishna Prasad's dream is to see his son as a politician revered by people. During this time, he meets with a fatal accident, in which his brother and his followers are also killed.
14 years later, Krishna Prasad's son Bharath (Puneeth Rajkumar) becomes a daring super-cop in Mumbai. He is on a mission to apprehend mafia don Nayak (Kelly Dorjee), who is involved in illegal drug trade, extortion and arms trafficking. It is later revealed that Krishna prasad actually survived the accident but ended up in a state of coma. However, this truth is hidden by Krishna Prasad's family from the people. Bharath maintains a low profile to catch Nayak. In an undercover operation in Spain, Bharath gets hold of Nayak's brother, Bunty. Later, it is revealed that corrupt opposition leader (Doddanna), who is also tied up with Nayak, was the mastermind behind Krishna Prasad's accident, and had planned to derail Krishna's political empire as he was opposing his illegal businesses and relation with Nayak.
Bharath falls in love with Prasanthi (Trisha Krishnan), whom he meets in Spain during his operation. Prasanthi is the daughter of Bharath's higher officer (Avinash), a cop who reports to the police commissioner (Vinod Alwa) in Bangalore city. When Bharath's dad comes out of the coma, doctors advise his family that Krishna Prasad is at risk if he encounters or hears anything upsetting, disturbing or shocking. Bharath hides the events surrounding his dad's accident & shifts his family to his dad's previously abandoned mansion, which is now being used for film making.
Bharath creates a dummy political set-up at this mansion. In the guise of a reality television program, Bharath tricks an aspiring but unsuccessful film actor P. Vibhushan (Rangayana Raghu), by making him believe that the television show is being sponsored by film star V. Ravichandran, and that Ravichandran wants to offer P. Vibhushan very high remuneration for his realistic performance in the show. On the other hand, an aspiring actor Kamangi Kidney (Sadhu Kokila) is also tricked by Bharath. Bharath also tricks Gouda with a real estate business deal, to exploit his criminal nexus. Bharath keeps this drama under wraps from Krishna Prasad, by making Krishna prasad believe that Bharath is now an M.L.A., revered by people fulfilling his dad's wishes. He also marries his love, Prasanthi, to make his father happy. The rest of the plot reveals the politician-criminal nexus behind Krishna Prasad's accident, the comic misadventures which lead to Krishna Prasad knowing the truth, and Bharath's retaliation over Nayak and Rudresh's political corruption.