Family Katta

Family Katta is a story of a splintered family and the way in which the old couple at the head of the family tries to hold it together.
The elderly couple played by Dilip Prabhvalkar (Bhai) and Vandana Gupte (Malati) based in Pune are celebrating their 50th Wedding Anniversary and have planned to throw a small party and organize a get together which is strictly for family. It is their another effort at getting together their 4 children and their extended families. Their children and grandchildren are located in different cities and over time the family has lost touch due to unresolved issues from the past. However, the grandchildren i.e. the two young cousins are still close.
Their daughter (Manju) played by Sai Tamhankar who is married to a guy from a different cast who is elder to her (referred as of Father's age in one scene) will be coming home and meeting the family after 6 years. It is also meant to be an opportunity for the patriarch Bhai to forgive their daughter.
The couple is shown carrying away daily household chores while anticipating and getting things ready for the big day. There is light humout arising out of couple’s arguments over small issues in their day-to-day life.
The couple is shown celebrating their anniversary by sharing a private moment and remembering all the memories of their past years in the early morning hours.
The grand children create a family WhatsApp group and plan to reach their grand parents' house together against their parents' wish.
The film takes an emotional turn in the second half with the sudden demise of Bhai just before the arrival of the children at home. Malati is shocked with this sudden development. But does not reveal this news to the children so that all the efforts put by her and Bhai to bring the family together and see them happy again does not go in vain.
The family share some light moments unaware of the serious situation. As time passes the siblings get in an argument. Malati sees this and in an outburst reveals the news of Bhai's demise to the family.[6]