Lan Kwai Fong 3

The story follows four women who hit the Hong Kong night-life district of Lan Kwai Fong, looking for excitement and love. Jeana (from the first movie) is now a model in an open, non-committed relationship with Jacky (also from the first movie), and continues with her party-hard night lifestyle. Her friend Sara, feeling neglected by her fiance, looks for excitement by hitting the clubs again. Papa is an ugly duckling who works as an infants' school teacher by day and rushes home to go clubbing at night, hoping to find a guy who will love her. Jolie is a rich orphan who is looking to have fun, having just come back from England during her university holidays.
Jeana and Papa take Sara out to the hottest club at Lan Kwai Fong, Club Magnum, to help her forget about her boyfriend Shin, who would rather hang out with his ex-girlfriend then celebrate his birthday with her. At Club Magnum they meet up with Jeana's boyfriend Jacky, who has managed Club Magnum since Ah Gong's club went out of business. Jacky introduces them to May, the owner of the club, who then introduces them to her partying younger cousin Jolie. Jolie immediately reminds Jacky of his ex-girlfriend Mavis, about whom he still feels guilty. May, knowing Jolie likes to party hard, gives Jacky the task of looking after Jolie. She hopes the two can start a relationship, since his current girlfriend Jeana will soon be leaving for Taiwan for work. Jacky hesitantly agrees to babysit Jolie only because she reminds him of Mavis.
Meanwhile, Jeana pushes Sara to forget about her boyfriend Shin by telling her to party harder and introduces her to her Korean friend Kim. Sara is instantly attracted to Kim but because she is engaged to Shin she stops the two from going past a platonic friendship. During a yacht party thrown by May, Jeana, knowing of the rough patch in Sara and Shin's relationship, tries to seduce Shin and suggest Sara, Jolie and she go on a get away to Seoul, South Korea, to have fun with Kim. On the day they are to depart to Seoul Jeana backs out of the trip with only Sara and Jolie going. While Sara is in Korea, Jeana uses images of Sara having fun with Kim to coax Shin into having sex with her. Coincidentally, while in Korea, Kim is able to convince Sara to give in to her sexual desires and have sex with him. With Kim and Sara leaving Jolie behind at the club, Jolie gets gang raped by two Korean men she just met. At the police station to find out what happened to Jolie, Sara finds out Kim has a wife and was only using her for a no strings attached fling.
Papa, who has the body but not the face, is often called pork chop (ugly girl) by all the men at the club. Being ignored by guys, she sits by herself cutting paper patterns while waiting for a guy too drunk to notice her looks to come along and have a one-night stand with her. She is introduced to one of Shin's friends, Parker, who takes an interest in her. The two eventually have sex one night, with Papa leaving early in the morning thinking Parker will think of it as a one-night stand the next day. Parker waits outside Papa's workplace the next day to tell her he is truly serious about their relationship.
May sends Jacky to Korea to take care of Jolie until she recovers from her horrific incident. In Korea Jolie tells Jacky she knows that she reminds him of his ex-girlfriend Mavis and that he's not obliged to take care of her. Once back in Hong Kong Jacky shows Jolie that he wants to take care of her, not because he has to but because he wants to. With Jeana leaving, Jacky and Jolie eventually become a couple and manage Club Magnum together.[5]