Flame

In the beginning, the future members of Flame are playing in two rival bands. The first band includes singer Jack Daniels (Alan Lake), guitarist Barry (Dave Hill) and bassist Paul (Jim Lea). They are managed by a local agency run by Ron Harding (Johnny Shannon). The other band, Roy Priest and the Undertakers, is fronted by Stoker (Noddy Holder). Soon after playing a wedding gig, Daniels' band auditions for a new drummer and take on Charlie (Don Powell). Playing at a small venue, the band runs into the Undertakers, who are the following act that night. The Undertakers' performance is ruined after Daniels locks Stoker in his stage coffin. Having stopped at a roadside cafe after leaving the venue, Daniels and his band, along with Barry's girlfriend Angie (Sara Clee), are forced to make a hasty getaway when the Undertakers arrive looking for them. A car chase results in Daniels crashing and the police arresting both bands.
In the cell at the local police station, Paul is properly introduced to Stoker. Soon after their release, he visits him at his market job to offer him Daniels' place in the band. Stoker agrees to take the part, with the Undertakers having disbanded. Meanwhile, Barry approaches his friend Russell (Anthony Allen), who agrees to his offer of becoming their roadie. The newly-formed band soon play their first performance at a small club, which is seen by both Harding and a talent scout Tony Devlin (Kenneth Colley). After the show, an argument develops between Harding and Stoker, resulting in Harding dropping them from his agency. Soon afterwards, Stoker receives a letter from Devlin, on behalf of a London-based agency run by Robert Seymour (Tom Conti). Offering to take on the band, they travel to London to meet Seymour and agree to sign with his agency.
Now named "Flame", the band release their first record, which quickly becomes a hit. As part of its promotion, they arrive by boat to a pirate radio station "Radio City", based in the Thames estuary. During their interview on the Ricky Storm Show (Tommy Vance), the station is attacked by gunfire and the band escape by helicopter. The resulting front page news boosts their publicity, pushing further sales of their hit record. The new-found fame brings pressure on the members, who are busy with constant touring and recording. At a record company party to celebrate the band's fifth hit record, which had just gone Silver, their former agent Harding turns up to inform Seymour that they are still under contract to his agency and tries to stake a claim to their earnings. Setting up a meeting with Harding at his office, Seymour uses Daniels to get hold of the band's contract with Harding. Daniels is successful in stealing it and after the meeting with Seymour, Harding is unable to produce proof of his contract with the band. Realising Daniels was recently in the office to collect his work schedule, Harding soon sends his thugs to retrieve the contract. Finding Daniels, the thugs severe his toes after discovering the money he was paid for stealing the contract.
Meanwhile, Flame are in the studio with Seymour and Devlin, trying to record new material. However, the forming factions within the group continue, particularly between Stoker and Paul. After being sent out to buy some beverages, Russell is confronted by Harding's thugs, who give him photographs of Daniels' injuries. On his return to the studio, Russell informs Seymour, who chooses to ignore the threat and Russell then decides to quit as roadie. Soon after, Harding turns up unexpectedly at Seymour's office, who angrily turns him away. On the final date of their sell-out tour, Flame continue struggling with escalating tensions between Stoker and Paul. Ultimately, after the show, Paul decides to leave the band, packs and heads home. Having appearing briefly backstage at Flame's show, Seymour and his family return home, only to find Harding's thugs have trashed his daughters' bedroom, leaving a teddy ripped apart with "Rock a bye baby" written in red paint on the wall above. The following morning at the hotel, Harding arrives to inform Stoker that Seymour has relinquished the band's contract to Harding. However, Stoker then reveals they have split up and exits the room.