Prashanth, Meena, Abbas

The film revolves around Vasanth (Prashanth), a stock analyst, and his wife Malini (Meena). The two are in search for a flat in Chennai. Vassanth finds the perfect place on the 12th floor of a high-rise apartment building. However, the apartment has a horrifying past. The previous occupant of the flat, a young woman Manju who had killed her child and jumped from the balcony and died. Malini learns about this incident shortly after moving in and becomes oddly fixated with the story. Then, a series of inexplicable experiences drive Malini to near madness.
Vasanth becomes helpless and convinced his wife has developed some sort of psychological disorder. He consults a psychiatrist, Dr. Ranjan (Sarath Babu) after his treatment fails Vasanth begins to doubt that his wife is suffering from a psychological disease. The couple’s maid (Kalairani) believes Malini to be possessed, and calls in an exorcist (Suhasini).
Meanwhile, other seemingly unrelated events take place around the building. The watchman was gruesomely murdered with his head completely twisted, one of the residents Ajay (Abbas) is behaving erratically, and a murder occurs. The Inspector (Thiagarajan) is sent to investigate the murder at the building. The Exorcist spends time with Malini and learns that Malini is in fact possessed by the Manju. For more help, Vasanth goes to the Manju's mother (K. R. Vijaya). With the mother's help, the possessed Malini lets everyone know that Ajay lusted after Manju and forced himself on her, and to save herself she jumped from her balcony. Later, Ajay realised that her son had witnessed the murder, and got the watchman to throw the little boy from the balcony, and creating a fake story that the woman had killed her son and then committed suicide.
By killing the watchman via Malini, the Manju takes revenge for her son's death and now wants to kill Ajay. At the last minute, the mother comes and tells her dead daughter's soul that she cannot take revenge from Ajay by making Malini a murderer, so the woman leaves Malini's body and Ajay is lifted above ground and thrown about in front of everyone, including Dr. Ranjan and the inspector (who first ridiculed the story). The story ends with Ajay going to prison and the inspector telling him how people like Ajay make him sick and tells him to rot in a jail cell forever. After the inspector leaves the darkened cell, Ajay finds himself face to face with Manju. He starts begging for mercy, but his voice soon fades out as Manju draws closer; it is implied that she kills Ajay.