Mindscape

Following top secret experiments, people called "viewers" have developed the psychic ability to enter people's memories. John Washington is one such gifted individual, a recently widowed man who works for Mindscape, the world's top memory detective agency, which offers the abilities of their psychic employees to help solve criminal cases, although their findings aren't yet recognized as evidence in court.
During a session that goes wrong, John suffers a stroke and is left incapacitated for two years. Financially ruined, he still owns the beach house where his wife died, but refuses to sell it. Desperate for money, John asks his old superior, Sebastian, for a new job. The case he receives is that of a brilliant but troubled 16-year-old girl, Anna Greene, who is on a hunger strike. Her stepfather wants her sent to a mental institution, which Anna's mother and, of course, Anna herself are adamantly against. John is sent there to end her hunger strike.
John and Anna begin their therapy sessions, focusing on Anna's time at a prestigious girl's school and several incidents that happened there. John finds himself drawn to Anna but is also wary of her. Anna's maid, Judith, who John had just started dating, is thrown down the stairs, and Anna is blamed for the incident. John also harbors suspicions towards Anna's stepfather, who he believes has hired a mysterious man to shadow him, as well as towards Sebastian, who John learns has withheld a file on Anna from him. Anna's behavior towards John becomes more flirtatious, and she draws a portrait of him with the caption, "You are my only safe place."
John learns that Anna had been involved in a sexual relationship with her photography teacher, Tom Ortega, who took erotic pictures of her. However, when he interviews Ortega, who is now serving time in prison, he insists that Anna was the aggressor and set him up. In another session, John and Anna go back to an incident at the school where three of Anna's classmates were poisoned. John accuses Anna of the act but she blames it on another student, nicknamed Mousey. However, when John interviews one of the poisoned girls, she says Mousey does not exist. Anna is able to regain his trust by showing him a photograph of herself and Mousey together.
John and Anna go further back into her memories and recover an image of Sebastian approaching her as a four-year-old, which causes John to believe that Anna was sexually molested as a child by Sebastian. John accuses his boss of molesting Anna, an allegation Sebastian vehemently denies. John informs Anna's parents of his diagnosis and suggests they don't institutionalize their daughter as they had planned. Back at his home, John discovers that the signature on Anna's portrait of him matches one supposedly written by Mousey on the photograph. Going through Anna's yearbook, he sees that the girl from Anna's memories was not nicknamed Mousey. Just then he gets a frantic, fragmentary phone call from Anna.
John races to her home to find that someone has broken in. From the house's security room, John sees Anna, distraught at discovering the murdered bodies of her parents, fleeing in panic from an unseen assailant. John calls the police, is told that someone else has already called them, and then follows Anna into the woods. As the police begin to arrive, Anna comes up to John, tells him she is sorry, and then runs away. The police arrest John for supposedly attacking Anna. There is blood on his hands and other evidence which seems to indicate that he broke in, drugged her parents, who are revealed to be still alive, and then attacked her.
After being arrested, interrogated by the police and jailed, John is visited by the man who has been following him. It turns out that this man is another memory detective who has been conducting sessions with John to recover the truth about Anna. The memory detective concludes that Anna manipulated her own memories in order to frame John as her killer. Instead, she likely faked her own death in order to escape her parents, who she knew would never stop searching for her if she were alive. John apologizes to Sebastian, who promises to use this new information to secure John's release.
Elsewhere, Anna arranges to have John sent a single red rose, along with a picture of her holding a recent newspaper so he will know she is still alive. John, now released from prison, drives out to the beach house where he sees the family who bought it sitting happily together on the front porch. John is then able to move on with his life and find peace with Judith.