Nadodigal 

The film revolves around three characters – Karunakaran (Sasikumar), Paandi (Bharani) and Chandran (Vijay Vasanth). The trio eat, sleep and party together in Rajapalayam. They also have their individual ambitions in life.
Karunakaran is in love with his uncle’s daughter Nallammal (Ananya). He is madly pursuing a government job because his uncle agrees to the marriage if and when he obtains one. Paandi is desperate to go abroad and get rich, while Chandran is committed to start a computer center and is in love with Pavithra (Abhinaya), Karnukaran's sister.
All goes well until Saravanan (Ranga) enters, a childhood friend of Karunakaran. Son of a former MP (Member of Parliament), he is in love with Prabha (Shanthini Devi), daughter of a bigwig in Namakkal. Shocked by Saravanan’s suicide attempt due to love failure, the trio promises to help him out and unite the two lovers. They set out to Namakkal where they enlist the help of their old friend Maariyappan (Ganja Karuppu).
The trio manages to help the couple get married by abducting the girl while she is visiting a temple with her family. In ensuing fracas between the two families, Karunakaran gets injured while Paandi is hit on the ear by a log, thereby losing his hearing ability, and Chandran loses his leg due to a crush injury by falling under a passing truck. The bride's father, on realizing who aided his ward escape, sends his goons to attack Karunakaran's family. It ends with Karunakaran's grandmother being killed. During the funeral the members of the family have a fight resulting in Karunakaran's fiancé being coaxed by her father to give up on Karunakaran.
The three friends end up being put in jail and getting entangled in a kidnapping case. However, they are released as time goes by. After slowly experiencing hell upon return to their native town, they begin working alongside the local wedding server and eventually begin to adjust to their new lifestyle. One day, Karunakaran's fiancé's wedding is announced and they are told to serve food there. Karunakaran is shattered and Pandi goes to the fiancé's house and wreaks havoc with her father, reprimanding the entire family for their betrayal and fake love. Karunakaran rushes to stop him and becomes depressed afterwards. Pavithra's love with Chandran is caught by her parents, for which she is shouted at and hit by them, but Karunakaran stops them and advises them to allow her to marry Chandran since he was unable to marry the girl of his choice. Despite some hesitation, both parents relent, making everyone happy. Pandi has a hearing aid implanted in his ear and can hear again, while Chandran uses a prosthetic leg to be able to walk again, albeit with some support. Life slowly begins looking up for the trio after a very long time, with Karunakaran also slowly letting go of his past love for Nallammaal.
Eventually, the case filed upon the trio is withdrawn and they find out through Karunakaran's uncle who helped them that the star-crossed lovers they had managed to unite at such great personal and emotional loss have gone their separate ways having grown bored of each other. They realise that the battle they fought did not serve any purpose.
What the trio then do to teach the couple a lesson forms the movie climax.