Chintamani

Chintamani (Bhanumathi Ramakrishna) even though a prostitute, is a devotee of Lord Krishna (Raghuramaiah). Lord Krishna to test Chintamani and other people comes to earth as sage along with Rukmini (Prabhavathi). Bhavani Shankarudu (S. V. Ranga Rao), a Brahmin out of lust towards Chintamani gives away all his wealth. Even then Chintamani’s mother Srihari (Rushyendramani) is not satisfied and asks Chintamani to lure Subbi Shetty (Relangi) a merchant, and halfheartedly Chintamani snatches Subbi Shetty’s property too. Bellvamangaludu (N. T. Rama Rao) son of Vasudeva Murthy (Dr. Kamaraju), a gold merchant. Radha (Jamuna) is his dedicated wife. Bhavani Shankarudu takes him to Chintamani and they both get attracted to each other. Vasudeva Murthy became sick after knowing about this affair and dies pleading his son to leave Chintamani and take care of his wife Radha. But Bellvamangaludu out of lust leaves his dead father and goes to Chintamani. After seeing his blood shed clothes, she enquires and he says he came up with the help of a creeper but it is a snake. Still worse to this he, with help of his wife’s dead body swims to the other side of the river to reach her. Chintamani scolds him. Chintamani & Bellvamangaludu realizes their mistake and starts hating themselves. Lord Krishna gives enlightenment to Chintamani. She leaves the village giving all her property and becomes a wanderer. After completing his wife's funeral Bellvamangaludu burns his eyes as a contrition for his sins. Then he becomes a great devotee of Lord Krishna and starts living in an Ashram. Chintamani also reaches there and serves Bellvamangaludu. Lord Krishna in a sage form watch all these happenings and decides to give salvation to both of them. But Rukmini obstructs his way, how could do so to a prostitute & a person became blind with lust. Then he keeps a test, he takes a liquid in a pot and asks great saints to identify it's fragrance which no one can answer. Bellvamangaludu without eyes recognizes it as the fragrance of Lord Krishna. At last, Lord Krishna gives Darshan to them by giving back Bellvamangaludu's eyes. Finally, the movie ends Lord Krishna giving salvation Chintamani & Bellvamangaludu.