Vichitra Kutumbam

Advocate Raja Shekaram (N. T. Rama Rao) most loyal and respectable person in a village, leads a happy family life with his innocent & timid wife Kamala (Savitri) and short-tempered younger brother Krishna (Krishna) who involves himself with unnecessary quarrels in the village. Kamala tries to protect Krishna from these quarrels. In the same town Nagaraju (Nagabhuashanam) a landlord, whose deeds are making atrocities but his wife Susheela (Pushpa Kumari) good lady feels for his bad actions. Even though he is related to Rajashekaram as he is opposing Nagaraju, they both become enemies. Nagaraju also ill-treats his brother Raghava (Shobhan Babu) because their father writes entire property in the name of Raghava due to Nagaraju's character. So, Rajashekar & Kamala take care of him from childhood and sends him to Russia for higher studies. Meanwhile, Kamala's naughty sister Radha (Vijaya Nirmala) comes to the village and Krishna & Radha fell in love.
Once Raja Shekaram gets into a dispute with Nagaraju regarding some land issue on behalf of the villagers where Nagaraju threatens Raja Shekaram that he is holding Rs.1 lakh given by his father-in-law. Listening to this Kamala decides to get back their money, so, she visits his house and he asks her to come some other day to collect the amount. On her way back she witnesses a murder done by Nagaraju's acolyte Singanna (Prabhakar Reddy) which creates fear on her. Raghava returns from Russia marrying a Russian girl Julie (Sheela), Raja Shekaram brings them to his home and informs Nagaraju. Nagaraju gives a warm welcome to and he asks Kamala to take back their money during the wedding reception. After that, he sends Raghava & Julie to honeymoon. Simultaneously he orders Singanna to eliminate them on the way. Next day, Kamala reaches to collect her money along with Krishna. Instead of giving money Nagaraju abuses Rajashekaram when Krishna gets angry and tries to beat Nagaraju but Kamala stops him. Then Nagaraju says he will see the end of Krishna in one month. At the same time, Nagaraju files a criminal case against Krishna that he has beaten him. Raja Shekaram takes up the case as defence counsel and about to prove that Krishna is not guilty but Kamala gives witness that Krishna is guilty and he has been sentenced to 3 months. Rajashekaram blames Kamala then she reveals the reality about Nagaraju and the murder she has been witnessed. Because of that to protect Krishna from Nagaraju she had told lie.
Meanwhile, the news comes that Raghava & Julie are drowned during honeymoon trip, and the photo of a Singanna is also printed in a newspaper. Nagaraju hides Singanna in a secret place. Kamala recognizes him as the stooge of Nagaraju and he is the same person whom she has witnessed while killing. But Kamala refuses to give the statement in court due to fear of Nagaraju. Next day, Raja Shekaram goes to Nagaraju to console him where his wife Susheela secretly tells that Raghava & Julie are alive and ask him to save them. At the same time, Krishna is released from jail, then a goon Gandra Ganganna disguised form of Raja Shekaram kidnaps him. Kamala gets disturbed and feels that it is Nagaraju’s work and asks Raja Shekaram to give a complaint for which he refuses. In that anger, Kamala goes to Nagaraju and warns him that she is having evidence about his previous murders. So, Nagaraju orders his henchmen to kill Singanna but he is rescued by Raja Shekaram as Gandra Ganganna. After that Gandra Ganganna makes friendship with Nagaraju, he orders him to bring Kamala to his den. At last, everyone reaches at one place, Raja Shekaram sees the end of Nagaraju. Finally, the entire family is reunited and the justice wins over injustice.