Grand Masti

Three friends – Meet (Vivek Oberoi), Prem (Aftab Shivdasani) and Amar (Ritesh Deshmukh) – are all unhappily married and have unsatisfactory sex lives. Meet thinks that his wife Unatti (Karishma Tanna) is having an affair with her boss; Prem thinks that his wife Tulsi (Manjari Fadnis) doesn't spend quality time with him and Amar feels that his wife Mamta (Sonalee Kulkarni) is more concerned about their son, Pappu.
One day, the men receive an invite from their college, SLUTS (Sri Lalchand University of Technology and Science), to attend their college reunion. Their wives don't come with them, so the three decide to use the trip to get up to mischief in order to escape their unhappy marriages.
When they arrive, they find that everyone else is behaving in an overly conservative manner. This due to the fear of Principal Roberts (Pradeep Rawat), who hangs people naked on a tree if they disagree with his rules. They find out that a former student, Hardik (Suresh Menon), is in a mental asylum because of the principal's deeds. Meanwhile, Prem meets one of his former teachers, Rose (Maryam Zakaria), and is attracted to her. Meet meets Marlow (Kainaat Arora) and is attracted to her. Amar meets Mary (Bruna Abdullah) and is attracted to her. The men begin to initiate affairs with the women, but soon find out that Rose, Mary and Marlow are relatives of the principal. The men's wives later arrive at the college, intending on joining them at the reunion.
The trio receive an MMS message containing footage of each of them having sex, and succeed in hiding the video from their wives. They find out that it was Hardik who sent the video, and he blackmails them. Their task is to kill the principal in order to fulfill Hardik's revenge, or else he will show the footage to their wives. They fail in killing him, so they decide to try to delete the videos off Hardik's phone. They succeed and continue to spend time at the reunion.
On the last day, the principal mixed a love potion into the soup, which caused people to deal out those they are attracted too. The trio end up being with Rose, Mary and Marlow, and the principal catches them red handed. While being chased by the principal, the girls reveal to the men that he is impotent. When the trio end up on the roof of a building, Hardik pushes the principal and the principal slides down the roof and hangs on to a bar. The men try to save him but Hardik pushes them, too, and they hang onto the principal. The girls come and push Hardik off the roof and he hangs on to Meet. The three tell principal the truth about not making love with Marlow, Mary and Rose. The girls try to make a rope out of their clothes, but the boys fall and end up in the hospital.
Their wives angrily ask them what exactly happened that night. Principal Roberts calmly replies that due to a misunderstood affair, their husbands suffered this consequence. Shortly later, a doctor comes and informs the principal that he is no more impotent since the blood now properly flows all over his body due to the pressure generated while hanging on the bar. Hardik marries Marlow. The film ends with the trio about to have sex with their respective wives, as they rekindle the romance.