Bairavaa

Bhairava (Kala Bhairava in Telugu Version) (Vijay), a collection agent for ICCI Bank in Chennai (Vijayawada in Telugu Version), is a righteous person who is willing to employ even violent means to get back the money from the debtors. During his manager's daughter's wedding, he comes across Malarvizhi (Keerthy Suresh), a medical student from Kallidaikurichi in Tirunelveli district (Vishakhapatnam in Telugu Version), and immediately falls in love with her. Malarvizhi goes to the Koyambedu bus station to leave Chennai, where Bhairava comes to propose his love, when he notices that she is cornered by a group of thugs with intent to kill her, as she was allegedly involved in an attack on a Union Minister's son Charan (Roshan Basheer). However, they retreat after receiving a call from Periyakannu alias PK (Jagapathi Babu) from Tirunelveli, who tells them not to harm her.
When confronted by Bhairava, Malarvizhi narrates her flashback. She studies at PK Medical College in Tirunelveli, whose chairman is PK, a criminal and politician who rules Tirunelveli along with his right-hand man Kottai Veeran (Daniel Balaji). The college has no basic facilities, including a proper building and good doctors. Malarvizhi and her best friend Vaishali (Aparna Vinod) lodged a complaint against the college to the MCI, upon which they decided to blacklist the college. To save his reputation, PK made a deal with the MCI officials to revoke the suspension in exchange for sex with a girl from the college. Vaishali was the girl chosen by the officials. The next morning, she was found raped and killed. Malarvizhi's father (Aadukalam Naren), a sincere police officer, began an investigation in Vaishali's death, but he was killed as well by PK in retribution. Later, Malarvizhi filed a case against PK in the court, where the judge ruled that Malarvizhi should not be expelled nor harmed till the case is resolved. Though PK upholds the judge's ruling, he harasses Malarvizhi indirectly. He plans to kill her once the verdict is declared in his favour. During the marriage, Malarvizhi had given the video evidence of Vaishali being raped to Charan. As he is the son of a Union Minister, she believed he could pull strings in NIC, to investigate the video. Charan was also attacked by PK's henchmen when they chopped his hand and they took the evidence.
On hearing Malarvizhi's story, Bhairava decides to help her fight back with PK and get justice for Vaishali. Impersonating as an Income Tax officer, Bhairava raids PK's mansion and collects evidence which holds PK responsible for Vaishali's death. Soon, the Lion and Tiger game begins between Bhairava and PK. In the process, PK gets back the evidence and destroys them. Bhairava manages to get five more days from the court to gather the required evidence. Meanwhile, Kottai Veeran's wife, who was terminally ill, passes away. Bhairava decides to take advantage of Kottai Veeran's love for his wife to make him approver against PK. Hence the former switches PK's asthma inhaler with nitrous oxide. PK, who inadvertently inhales the gas before Kottai Veeran's wife's funeral, begins to uncontrollably laugh at the funeral, causing Kottai Veeran to turn against him and accept Bhairava's offer of becoming an approver, turning against PK. In revenge for betraying him, PK confronts Kottai Veeran and hacks him to death.
Hearing about Kottai Veeran's murder by PK, Bhairava frames the latter for plotting to assassinate the Prime Minister of India on his plan to visit the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant, as a result of which a shoot at sight is ordered against PK. He then disguises himself as a NSG commando, blends in with the real NSG commandos and kills PK.
In the end, the verdict is declared in favour of Bhairava and Malarvizhi. PK's henchmen are arrested while the students of PK Medical College are shifted to another college. In a press conference, Bhairava, while supporting private colleges, says that it is important that the person heading such colleges are honest and sincere enough to ensure that the students are safe and receive a good education. Hence the movie ends on a happy note with Bhairava and Malarvizhi getting married, thus reunited with each other.