Antha

Inspector Sushil Kumar (Ambareesh) is an honest Police Officer; he has a happy life with his wife Sunitha (Lakshmi ) who is Pregnant and his mother(Pandari Bai) and young sister(Jayamala). Kanwar Lal (again Ambareesh) is a smuggler, gangster, cold-blooded murderer, a rough & tough man looks alike Sushil who is at present in prison in the punishment of life imprisonment. Kanwar Lal is a very important person in a dangerous gang which is creating destruction in the country. CBI officials make a plan to send Sushil in the place of Kanwar to catch those dangerous gangsters who have high-level influence in the society; Sushil decides to take up the job by informing his family that he is going to special duty. Sushil changes his getup as Kanwar and creates an image that Kanwar has run away from the jail and finally he succeeds in joining the gang and starts collecting information regarding them. One day Sushil mother dies due to the heart attack, but he is not in a position go because his secret breaks out, he controls himself for the sake of his country. While being with the villians he confronts his sister Shoba who by circumstance has entered the job of cabre dancer for them. Both are unable to bear the pain by looking at each other and his sister commits suicide in front of him and the villians. Sushil was unable to save or acknowledge his sister fearing of his identity and purpose, he again controls himself for the sake of his country. He finally succeeds in his mission of collecting all the secrets of the gang including higher officials of the government with evidence but in the last minute they comes to know that he is a police officer but he safeguards the evidence he has collected. They keep him in their custody and torchers him, finally they kidnaps Sunitha and they kill her who is carrying a baby before him, even then he wouldn’t reveal the secret. At last he escapes from them and reaches the higher officials with evidence but they also cheat him, then Sushil decides to take revenge against all of them, he removes all the anti-social elements & evil in the society and surrenders himself before Judiciary with evidence and asks for Justice there ends the film.