Bhoomi

Bhoomi Sachdeva (Aditi Rao Hydari), a planner and designer, is all set to be married to Neeraj Mathur (Sidhant Gupta), her best friend, but has a problem of returning home late from work. Her father Arun (Sanjay Dutt) is an alcoholic shoe-maker who sells shoes, but she still loves him, as he has a knack of winning over her every time by showering a father's love. Meanwhile, preparations for Bhoomi's wedding with Neeraj come closer, but Vishal Munshi (Puru Chibber), the son of a middle-aged lady, who is deeply infatuated with Bhoomi, is not happy about it. Despite her warnings, Vishal stalks her, much to her chagrin, and she slaps him back when he tries to force-assert his love, admitting that he is only her friend. Bhoomi goes back to Neeraj, and begins preparing for her big day.
In the meantime, Vishal attends to his cousin brother Dedha where he meets the latter's boss Dhauli (Sharad Kelkar), a gangster. Dhauli chides Vishal for his cowardice and convinces him to do something about it.
One day before the wedding, however, while travelling back home with her aide Jeetu, Bhoomi gets kidnapped as Jeetu takes a small break out there in a bush. Later, as she regains consciousness, she finds Vishal asphyxiating her to near death in Bhagwan Talkies. Vishal, Dedha, and Dhauli take turns in raping Bhoomi, and she falls unconscious. Having lost all her self-respect and virginity, Bhoomi walks back home, speechless and traumatized.
On the day of the wedding, when Neeraj tries to take time out for meeting Bhoomi, he is shocked to learn of the harsh reality, and is forced against his will to walk back and cancel the marriage, following which, Arun and his childhood friend, Tripurari "Taj" Mishra (Shekhar Suman) come to know of Bhoomi's condition, and visit a local police station. Arun loses control of his temper when the officer-in-charge ignores his complaint while watching a cricket match. The police officer finally registers his complaint, and goes with him to his house, where they find Bhoomi missing. At this stage, Bhoomi is kidnapped again by Vishal, Dhauli and Dedha, but his time, Dhauli kills her when she tries to escape, and shoots her.
However, it is revealed that Bhoomi is alive. Dhauli hits Vishal when he comes to know of this. Arun, shattered by the entire scene, tries to shower his love on Bhoomi, who is but trying to live a normal life. A court case happens, where Arun accuses the defence lawyer of being patriarchal in her approach and body-shaming Bhoomi, while the case is dismissed after they let go of Dhauli, who rather warns them he will strike back. When confronted, however, both of them break down, bringing them closer to each other. Arun and Bhoomi are shamed, but Arun demonstrates how Bhoomi brought up each of the youngsters in the locality. Bhoomi is further shamed in the society when some people write her phone number on the walls. Neeraj returns, trying to pacify her, but she goes all berserk over Neeraj when he is unable to express his disdain. She does not tend to Neeraj anymore, instead, the next day, she is horrified to learn, through a video from a phone, that Jeetu was, in fact, set up by Dhauli, and had been recording the entire rape scene in Bhagwan Talkies.
Arun and Bhoomi turn ruthless and abduct Jeetu, hiding him from everyone. Jeetu is tortured, and reveals information out of further torture. Arun next goes on a scaring spree by haunting Vishal, following him everywhere. One day, Dhauli takes a petrified Vishal to Arun, asking the former to apologize to the latter, but Arun is rather adamant and picks up a fight with Dhauli, who leaves after police intervention.On his 18th birthday, Jeetu is killed by Arun and his body is found in Bhagwan Talkies, where the police officer who had earlier registered Arun's complaint is amazed to see Jeetu's sister disclaiming responsibility and chiding herself for having been his sister. A few days later, Dedha comes and tries to assault Bhoomi, but Taj intervenes. However, he crashes into an iron pole and dies from his injuries. Shattered by the loss of his friend, Arun decides to finish off Vishal, Dedha and Dhauli.
Vishal, scared off with Jeetu's murder, boards an intercity bus which would lead him back to Dhauli's area, but Arun and Bhoomi confront Vishal and finally kill him. Arun drives the bus, which has Bhoomi and a dead Vishal, to Dhauli's area. After a long scuffle, Dedha dies from his injuries. Dhauli tries to escape through a procession of women, but Arun and Bhoomi chase him to a temple, where Arun kills him, and he falls into a water pond out of injuries, unable to make an exit from the pond, and breathes his last as the women in the procession let go of their chunnis, along with Bhoomi's own.