Blackjack

Jack Devlin (Dolph Lundgren) is a U.S. Marshall turned detective working for Dr. Rachel Stein (Kate Vernon). The two head to a military base to find a group of military guards. Jack kills the military guards and escapes from the military base. He then meets with Rory Gaines (Phillip MacKenzie) who is on a pursuit to find a group of guards, whom Jack kills with Rory Gaines. Then they meet Cinder James (Kam Heskin). Afterwards, Jack goes to his safehouse. Jack meets with Rory and Cinder to congratulate them and Jack takes Rory to a place where Rory's gang is meeting. Jack kills Rory's gang and then goes into the garage to find a group of serial killers and then Jack kills the serial killer and then more serial killers arrive and then Jack kills the serial killers that are on the scene and then they make the escape as a high performance to stop at a bar and find a serial killer name Hairy (Slavko Hochevar) and then Jack kills him and then leaves his area. Jack and Rachel and Cinder goes to a bar and then goes inside to meet with Tim Hastings (Fred Williamson) to know his answers and then they talk together with it and then leaves the bar. Jack, Rachel, and Tim take a car to find a group of kidnappers who are killed by Jack. Jack steals a car from them and brings it to Lockup.
Jack and Tim talk with Rachel to find out whether they are friends or not. They then go to a mansion where they find a group of DEA agents that are killed by Jack. Inside the mansion, they meet Rory and Don Tragle (Andrew Jackson). Jack takes Rory to a hanger, bodyguards arrive and then Jack kills them and then fixes an airplane to find Eyeball (Michael Bodner) and then he runs to make the escape to do a "let's roll" move. Jack and Rachel continues with the behavior to speak with Tim Hastings who knows a political statement is true or not and then Jack speaks positively and then they go to a boardwalk to find a group of black bond Assassins and then Jack kills them and then they find Prototel Bodyguard (Glyn Thomas) the leader of the black bond Assassins and then Jack and Prototel Bodyguard fight together and then Jack kills him and then steals his gun. Jack speaks with Don Tragle to remember the story and then they go to meet Casey (Padraign Murphy) to know each answer is right or wrong. Jack and Casey go to a bodyguards car and then a group of bodyguards is seen and then Jack attracts them and then kills them and then stays behind Casey. Jack and Rachel meets with Detective Trini (Tony DeSantis) and then knows the middle of a punctuation to get it a policy and then they go to a bar to meet a bartender named Richard (Peter Virgile) gives them a seat and then they know that Eyeball and his bodyguards have arrived and then they notice something and then Jack kills Eyeball and then the bodyguards attack and then Jack kills them and follows Richard and then Richard kills all of Eyeball's bodyguards and then Jack finds the bodyguards in the kitchen and then kills them and then goes to an exit and then a group of bodyguards is following and then Jack kills them to escape. Jack goes with Don Tragle to a shopping center next door to talk with assistance to talk with Dorothy (Laurence Walsh) about the day it started and then Jack buys snacks and takes them with him and then gives it to Murphy the Doorman (Frank Crudele). Jack talks with Don and then Jack takes Don to a bay for a normal day to meet with Mark Smoot (Ted Simonett) a corrupt engineer who is forced on it and then Jack gets out his gun and throws Mark Smoot at the wall in order to get him killed and then a group of military soldiers arrive and then Jack kills them and returns to Don to drive away.
Jack thinks he is convincing with Don for a pickup truck to arrive with 1 security guard in it and then Jack takes the pickup truck from a security guard who is corrupted and then Jack kills 1 security guard and then 4 security guards block the road without entry and then Jack kills 4 security guards and drives out of that area to the lockup with Don. Jack and Rachel goes with Don to a doorstep building and then they go inside with Don and then Witehead (George King) looks at him and then Jack kills Witehead and then they take cash from Witehead where he was killed and then they go outside and then Nurse (Sharon Burnbalm) looks and then Nurse runs away and then Jack and Rachel escapes with Don and then they have a group of military soldiers and then Jack kills them and escapes with them and then gets to Detective Trini and then a group of gang members arrive and then Jack kills them at the scene. Jack and Rachel talk together and tells Trini that this is happening and then Jack goes to meet Derek Smyth (Albert Schultz) who is knowing each number to interrupt and then Jack takes Derek Smyth to meet Connie Hastings (Janet Bailey) a retired girlfriend who is looking at it and then a group of street thugs arrive on the scene and then Jack kills them and then looks for Motel Clerk (Cherilee Taylor) comes to talk. Jack and Derek and Connie goes to a drugstore next door to meet Thomas (Saul Rubinek) are meeting and then a group of drug dealers arrives and then Jack kills them and then goes upstairs to kill them and on the second floor they kill the entire drug lords and goes outside to kill the entire drug lords. Jack and Derek and Thomas and Connie both have the gratitude to look at a comics magazine while they are looking at new books and then they go to the airport to find a group of triads and then Jack kills them all. Jack tells Derek and Thomas and Connie that they are having a force and then they go to a goon's house and then Jack finds the goons and then kills them and then finds a way inside and then kills them and then meets Bobby Stern (Peter Kalaghan) a mob boss who is working for the goons and then a group of mobsters arrive and then Jack kills them and then rescues Bobby Stern. Jack and Derek and Thomas and Connie take Bobby Stern to a neighborhood to find the mobsters and then Jack kills them and then finds Rachel who is Kidnapped by goons and then Jack kills then goons and then rescues Rachel and then talks with Don. Jack and Rachel and Don and Casey and Trini and Smyth use strategies for the time and then Jack drives to a truck stop and then meets Dealer (Scott Nichol) a drug lord to stay behind it and then takes him to his house. Jack and Rachel and Connie and Thomas and Bobby Stern both go to a terminal to find a group of Bridge members and then Jack kills them and then gets out of the area to find Dealer and then a group of drug dealers arrives and then Jack kills them and then Ghide Shino (Nicu Branzea) both have spelling tests. Jack goes with Dealer to a hotel and then they go inside to find a group of corrupt cops and then Jack kills the corrupt cops and escapes with Dealer to make a good escape. Jack and Dealer and Tim and Rory enjoy time at a house and then they get out a trash can and then recycles it and then returns to the house. Jack and Dealer believe that they are meeting with MC (Antonella LaCapara) is a Mexican biker lord who is counting revenge and then Jack kills MC with elite weapons and then a group of corrupt cops arrives and then Jack kills them and then finds Kamenev (Geza Kovacs) have both contract numbers. Jack goes with Don and Tim and Rory and Kamenev both go to a church to find a group of assassins and then Jack kills them and then leaves the church to kill assassins and then finds Dealer and then a group of drug dealers arrives and then Jack kills them. Jack talks with Don and Kamenev both seek revenge on Dealer to know he is a drug dealer and then a group of trios arrives and then Jack kills them and then chases after Dealer and then Jack kills Dealer. Jack and Kamenev both need requests to know what's not right and then a group of Rory's men arrives and then Jack kills them and then finds Rory.
Jack finds Nicky Stern (Christie MacFayden) and Bobby Stern to keep an eye on him. Jack, Kamenev, Nicky and Bobby are on a quest to rescue Rachel, Smyth and Connie to know exterminators are coming and then Jack kills them to escape. Jack runs to military and then Jack finds and kills the military to let Rory make sure Nicky is keeping an eye on Jack. Jack finds Nicky and Bobby and Connie and Trini to make sure it's complete. Jack takes Nicky to a gas company and then they stop for gas and then Nicky runs gas on the car and then pours gas on a seat of a car and then Jack stays out of the car and then Nicky shoots the car seat with a gun setting it on fire while Jack runs away and Nicky runs fast. Jack runs up to a penthouse to find Nicky and then Jack finds Nicky in a hallway and then Nicky takes Jack in. In Nicky's room, Jack tells Nicky that there will be a fight and then a group of lords arrive and then Jack kills them and then throws Nicky outside and then Jack follows Nicky. During the showdown, Jack knows that Nicky's gang arrived and then Jack kills Nicky and then Jack kills Nicky's gang. Jack goes into a nightclub to find Bobby and then a group of Bobby's Enforcers arrives and then Jack kills Bobby's Enforcers and then follows Bobby out of a nightclub and then goes in the rooms and then Bobby's men arrive and then Jack kills them and then goes into a Nightclub closet and then Jack kills them and uses the exit to find Bobby and his men outside and then Jack kills Bobby's men and then kills Bobby Stern and then Jack escapes. Jack finds Rachel and Connie and Trini and Smyth to know it's wrong and then Jack kills Connie a corrupted mute enforcer and then a group of Connie's killers arrives and then Jack kills Connie's killers led by Connie. Jack finds Rory and then finds Trini to know it's the way they aren't saying. Jack takes Rachel to a store to pick up prescriptions and then Connie knows it. In the final scene Jack and Casey and Rachel find the goons and then kills them and then a group of military soldiers arrives and then Jack kills them and then finds the goons and then kills them and finds Trini and then kills Trini and then finds Rory's men and then Jack kills them and then Jack kills the military and Rory and then returns to Rachel and Don. In the ending scene, Jack goes with Rachel and Don to start a new quiet and pleasant life.