Aloo Chaat

Nikhil (Aftab Shivdasani), returns to his house in Lajpat Nagar after completing his education in the United States. His orthodox Punjabi family consisting of his father Purushottam (Kulbhushan Kharbanda), his grandmother Beeji (Dolly Ahluwalia), his confused mother Seeto (Meenakshi Sethi) and an always suspicious uncle Chhadami Mama (Sanjai Mishra) are keen to get him married and scout potential matches. Nikhil however, does not show an interest in marriage which has the family worried about their son's orientation. Purushottam requests his family friend Hakim (Manoj Pahwa), a sexologist by profession, to try to get Nikhil to get open up about marriage.
Nikhil reveals to Hakim that he's already in love with a Muslim girl Aamna (Aamna Sharif) living in the U.S. Being rooted in old traditions, he fears his family will never accept a Muslim daughter-in-law and has hence kept the matter hidden. Having no qualms with the match himself, Hakim devices a strategy to get Nikhil's family to accept Aamna. The plan involves Nikhil professing to marry an American girl and introducing Aamna to his family as the girl's close friend. They would then portray the American girl in a bad light and Aamna in a good light to help sway his family's opinion. With help from Hakim's regular patient Sukha Paaji, they settle on Nikki (Linda Arsenio), an American girl with strong Indian values, who both Nikhil and Hakim train to come across as a bit spoiled. Nikhil also photoshops images for Nikki's childhood album and together with Hakim, comes up with a fake history for Nikki.
Although initially against it, Nikhil's family agrees to his choice after some convincing from Hakim. Nikhil brings Nikki and Aamna to his house, the former pretending to arrive from the airport, a ruse which is almost caught by Chhadami. As days progress, Nikki tries to comes across as a poor choice for Nikhil by such acts as cooking American food, wearing skimpy western outfits and acting irresponsibly while Aamna remedies these by cooking Punjabi food (which the family relishes after initial hesitation), wearing Indian outfits and being responsible and caring. Nikki even gets herself a sunbath in a bikini at the house's rooftop, inviting several unwanted stares and is admonished for this by Aamna in the presence of Nikhil's father. Gradually she starts winning over the family members although Chhadami stays suspicious of their motives.
Nikhil's plan hits a snag when the astrologer called to select an auspicious marriage date chooses one just four days ahead. In a last-ditch effort to throw the wedding off, the trio decide to hire a woman to play Nikki's mother, having her object to her "daughter's" marriage but are apparently unsuccessful in their attempts.
While watching a cricket match with the family, Purushottam looks at cricketer Michael Clarke and recalls seeing his picture somewhere. Chhadami screams that the picture was on Nikki's childhood album. Immediately, Purushottam gets a cardiac arrest. He is examined by a doctor who advises against giving him any stress. Purushottam proposes getting Nikhil married the next day in court itself. Nikhil locks Chhadami in a room to stall him from making any reservations but Purushottam has already taken care of the marriage dates. Resigned to their fates, Nikhil, Nikki and Aamna head to court unable to find a way out.
Confusion abounds at the court as two women show up claiming to be Nikki's mother, objecting to the marriage. Chhadami, who has been able to free himself, rushes to the court to warn Purushottam of Nikhil's scheme. A smiling Purushottam is seen coming out of the court having wedded Nikhil and Aamna. He explains he had gotten wind of Nikhil's plan after seeing the cricketer's picture and was able to connect the dots. He then cooked up his own scheme to get Nikhil and Aamna married. The family welcomes Aamna with open arms and they all head to a food-stall near their house to have their regular snack: aloo chaat.