Pudhiya Geethai

The movie starts with a baby boy born to Chinnaya (Nassar) from Nagapattinam, who works for Swamy (K. Vishwanath), an astrologer. The astrologer writes the horoscope of the baby and understands that the child will be grown to an intelligent and responsible person but also predicts that the child’s life will be only 27 years short. He suggests the baby to be named Sarathy but does not inform about the short life.
Back to the present in Chennai, Sarathy (Vijay) is an intelligent person who excels in studies, sports and also liked by everyone surrounding him. He takes care of his mother (Kalairani) and sister following his father’s death. Suji (Meera Jasmine) is the close friend of Sarathy and considers him as her well-wisher. Sarathy runs a restaurant with his friends as part-time and also involved in real estate transactions earning brokerages. Jo (Amisha Patel) is the friend of Suji and she develops a liking towards Sarathy.
Reddiyar (Kalabhavan Mani) is a rich business man but is not genuine. He is into real estate business and he cheats many people by allotting improper plots. Sarathy knows about Reddiyar’s plans and fight against him supporting the poor people which creates enmity between Reddiyar and Sarathy.
Lawrence (Sanjeev) is Sarathy’s friend and he falls in love with Sarathy’s sister but is scared whether Sarathy will accept their love. But Sarathy happily accepts and also convinces his mother also. Sarathy’s sister’s wedding is arranged. Now Sarathy is 27 years old.
Suji feels jealous about Sarathy and Jo getting close to each other but Jo realizes that Suji is in love with Sarathy. Finally Suji proposes her love to Sarathy which he accepts.
On the day of his sister’s marriage, Sarathy goes to meet Suji. But Reddiyar has planned to kill Sarathy on the way. Sarathy fights Reddiyar’s men and Reddiyar is left alone. But Sarathy does not kill Reddiyar and instead makes him understand the value for life and the talks about the positive attitude one should have. This makes Reddiyar realize his mistake.
Sarathy leaves the place to meet Suji but meets with an accident on the way and gets admitted to the hospital with severe injuries. The doctors say that the chances of his survival are minimal and all his friends cry outside the hospital. But Reddiyar comes to the place and asks everyone to stop crying and keep calling Sarathy with a positive energy which will make him get back to normal. Everyone starts calling Sarathy and Sarathy’s condition. Sarathy is saved and recovers. The movie ends with a message that positive attitude is essential for everyone to succeed and to good men, even death will revive them.