Jacob Two-Two Meets the Hooded Fang

The film begins in Jacob Two-Two’s home in Montreal. Jacob runs from room to room attempting to convince his older siblings to pay attention to him. His eldest brother, Daniel, tells him to leave him alone. When he visits his sister Martha, she is watching wrestling. She tells Jacob he should leave, and that he would only get nightmares from the frightening wrestlers. When he asks Emma and Noah if he can join in on their game of Child Power!, they tell him that he is too little play. When he enters the kitchen, he asks his mother if he can help with dinner, but once again he is told that he is too small. Finally, Jacob visits his father in the living room, where he is reading a newspaper. Jacob expresses his disappointment that he is too small to help and play, and Jacob’s father suggests that he travel to the store down the street and buy some chocolate ice cream.
Jacob leaves for the corner store and passes a policeman on his way inside. Inside he sees adults looming over him. He sees a man holding a fish, a woman holding a bird, and a man holding a lollipop. Jacob approaches the store owner, Mr. Cooper, and asks for “two quarts of chocolate ice cream please, two quarts of chocolate ice cream please.” Mr. Cooper is taken aback by Jacob’s odd behaviour and begins to tease the boy. The policeman enters the store and joins in on the fun. Mr. Cooper demands that Jacob be charged with insulting an adult. The policeman agrees and pulls out his pad of paper, pretending to write the charge down. Jacob panics and runs from the store. The policeman runs after him and tries to explain that he and Mr. Cooper were only joking, but Jacob is already too far away. Jacob runs to a park and hides under a pile of fallen leaves, where he eventually falls asleep.
When Jacob wakes up, he is in a jail cell.  The policeman from the store comes into the cell and introduces Jacob’s lawyer, Mr. Loser.  When Jacob walks into the court, he is surrounded by screaming adults.  The judge sits in front of him and is angry and rude to the boy.  He says that offenses such as Jacob’s cannot be taken lightly, as they may lead to bigger crimes in the future.  Jacob pleads innocent, and the judge tells him that his plea is very inconsiderate because it is a busy court.  The jury finds Jacob guilty and sentences him to “…two months, two days, two hours, two minutes in the darkest dungeons of prison.”[10]  Suddenly, a voice from the back of the room yells, “I appeal this verdict”. Exciting music begins to play and the adults in the room scream, hide, and faint.  Child Power! enters the room, portrayed by Jacob’s siblings, Emma and Noah. They are introduced as “The Intrepid Shapiro” and “The Fearless O’Toole”.   The judge is afraid of the two children, and nervously tells them that Jacob’s sentence has already been passed.  Child Power! agrees but remind the judge that cruelty to children is against the law.  They warn the judge that if they hear of any cruelty in the prison, then he will be hearing from them.  Jacob leaves the court room only to find his siblings waiting for him in his cell. They give him a jewel shaped tracking device, and ask for his help.  He promises to contact them if he senses any child cruelty in the prison, and Child Power! leaves him in the cell.
Master Fish and Mistress Fowl take Jacob from his cell and lead him to the prison.  They have similar faces to the people that Jacob saw when he was in the store. As they walk towards the prison they tell Jacob scary stories and point out the smog and crocodiles that block the way to the prison’s island.  When Jacob gets to the prison, he is introduced the fearsome warden, The Hooded Fang.  The warden reads Jacob’s sentence and sends him to the deepest and darkest cell in the prison.  The Hooded Fang tells Jacob that he hates children. He says that when he was a wrestler, he was feared by everyone.  During one match, a child pointed at him and laughed, telling the audience that the wrestler was not scary – only funny.  After this incident, the Hooded Fang was unable to fight, because everyone around him would laugh him out of the stadium.  Jacob apologizes to the Hooded Fang after hearing his story, telling him that he seems like a nice man.  The warden is furious, as he wants everyone to think of him as mean and scary, and sends Jacob to his cell.  As Jacob passes by the other cells, he notices that the children’s skin is gray in colour.  They beg Master Fish and Mistress Fowl for food, but are given only stale bread and moldy apples.  When Jacob reaches his cell, he finds some candy and a note that says, “You have a friend”.[11]
Jacob is woken up the next morning by a man in a large fur coat. He introduces himself as Mister Fox, the head guard, and takes Jacob to the shower room to give him his new uniform. When they enter the shower room, Jacob realizes that it is a freezer. After his cold shower, Mister Fox inspects behind Jacob’s ears to make sure that he is clean and finds the jewel that Child Power! gave him. Mister Fox takes the tracking device from him, thinking that it is a precious jewel. Jacob is then taken to a party in the dining hall. He sees all of the gray children and sits down with them. He asks them why they are gray and they tell him that it is because the smog hides the sun. The Hooded Fang enters the room and all of the children start screaming. Jacob’s new friends tell him that he must pretend to be afraid as well, or else the warden will be angry. The Hooded Fang presents Mister Fox with a “Rotten Child Award” and says that he must go to the city and complete some undercover work. He wants Mister Fox to visit toy stores and sabotage all of the toys. Jacob is worried because Mister Fox has the tracking device, and if he leaves the prison, then Child Power! will not be able to find the children. Jacob feels that by losing the tracking device, he has failed everyone.
Child Power! is alerted that the tracking device has traveled to a toy shop in the city. They decide to go and investigate and find Mister Fox sabotaging the toys. They ask him where he found the jewel, and Mister Fox lies and tells the children that he found it in a fish. Child Power! is devastated, because they think that Jacob drowned while trying to escape and was then eaten by a fish. The film then cuts back to the prison, where Jacob is working in the smog making workshop. He tells his friends that he has been receiving many notes with candy attached, telling him to tremble when the Hooded Fang is around.
The Hooded Fang talks to his mother about Jacob. He tells her that no matter what he does he cannot get the small boy to cower or scream in fear. He travels to Jacob’s cell and asks him questions in an attempt to break his spirit. He tries to get Jacob to say numbers other than two, but Jacob finds ways around it. Jacob tells the Hooded Fang that “he too can be a two-two”, making the retired wrestler more and more frustrated until he eventually threatens to feed Jacob to the sharks.[12] When Jacob is in the dining hall with his friends, he tells them about a plan for escape. He has written a note for Child Power! and thinks that the Hooded Fang will deliver the letter for him.
The Hooded Fang brings Jacob his last meal before he is to be fed to the sharks. He tried to get Jacob to scream, but Jacob says that he knows the warden’s secret. Jacob tells him that he knows the Hooded Fang is not evil. He thinks that The Hooded Fang is the one who has been leaving Jacob notes and candy, because they always appear after the warden leaves Jacob’s cell. Jacob says that he will hug and kiss him unless they make a deal. After several hugs, the Hooded Fang agrees to deliver the letter for Jacob. Child Power! receives the letter and sets out to find Mister Fox. They battle Mister Fox in the toy store, but eventually The Intrepid Shapiro and The Fearless O’Toole get the better of him. They tell him that they will spare him if he promises to take them to the prison. When they reach the water surrounding the island, Child Power! poisons the crocodiles. Mister Fox teases Child Power!, poking fun at Jacob’s size and telling them that he could never actually help. Jacob’s siblings stand up for him, telling Mister Fox that Jacob isn’t too small to help. The children in the prison rebel against the guard by destroying the smog machine and blinding the adults with the sun. The only adult that doesn’t cower is the Hooded Fang, because as Jacob predicted, he is just a big kid. The Hooded Fang tries to scare the children, but they only laugh.
When Child Power! reaches the prison, Jacob tells them what happened. Child Power! points out to Jacob that he is no longer repeating what he says. Jacob realizes that people are finally listening to what he says the first time, and that he is growing up. All of a sudden, Jacob is woken up by his father. He finds himself still under the play structure in the park where he fell asleep. He gives everyone in his family a hug, and they leave the park holding hands.