Ombak Rindu

Izzah (Maya Karin) and Hariz (Aaron Aziz) are from two different worlds and they have to face many hurdles before finding happiness. Izzah is a village girl who is sold by her uncle to an entertainment club in Kuala Lumpur to become a prostitute. Hariz is a young man who is the son of Madam Sufiah Hariz (Azizah Mahzan), the owner of the business empire 'Sufiah Catering'. He buys Izzah to be his mistress, but Izzah pleads with him to marry her instead to legalise their relationship.
Hariz agrees to the terms, provided that Izzah not claim any rights as a wife. However, the rough and hot-tempered Hariz finds himself falling in love with Izzah who is full of tenderness.Their relationship is frowned upon by Madam Sufiah. Hariz is then forced to marry Mila Amylia (Lisa Surihani), a childhood friend and now a famous model and actress, after being pressured by his mother. When Hariz falls into a coma in the hospital due to a road accident, Madam Sufiah drives Izzah out of the bungalow and confiscates the car keys and mobile phones.
Once out of the hospital, Madam Sufiah lies to Hariz about Izzah having forgotten about him and having a relationship with another man. She produces a photograph, apparently taken by a private detective, that shows Mail, Izzah's childhood friend, appearing intimate with Izzah (in actual fact, Izzah was helping Mail get a job in KL and had put him up at Pak Dolah's house). Hariz drives over to Pak Dolah's house and sees Mail and Izzah there, thereby confirming his mother's allegations. He gets angry at Izzah and tells her that he is leaving her. As he drives off in his car, Izzah chases him and falls. She starts to bleed, implying that she may be suffering a miscarriage. At the hospital, she and baby are found to be safe.
Pak Dollah, arrives at Hariz's home and confronts Madam Sufiah. Hariz learns of the secret pact that Pak Dolah and Madam Sufiah's husband made. Hariz has been given up for adoption to Madam Sufiah and her husband. Hariz feels remorseful and misses Izzah who has gone to her village. He goes to her village to ask for forgiveness. Izzah readily accepts him. Mila appears at the village and after realising that Hariz and Izzah are very much in love, she asks Hariz to divorce her. The film ends with Izzah and Hariz leading a simple happy life together.