Srutilayalu

The film revolves around the role of Naidu (Kaikala Satyanarayana), a Carnatic musician and elder son Narayana Murthy (played by Rajasekhar) who starts getting recognized in the world because of the music learned from Naidu and leaves everyone to fall into the worldly pleasures forgetting his base roots. It is now the duty of Sita, the daughter-in-law of Naidu (wife of Narayana Murthy) to bring these souls on track.
The film starts with Mr. Naidu (Satyanarayana), a great fan of music and traditional Indian fine arts. He wants his only son to become a great musician but unfortunately he loses his son in a car accident.
Then he adopts three orphaned street children and teaches them carnatic music so they can make his dream of building and starting an academy of fine arts come true. Sumalata is also a fan of music and loves Mr. Narayana (the oldest adopted son of Naidu). Naidu agrees for them to get married and Naresh, the second son marries a rich girl.
Naidu sends the three sons to city to earn sufficient money to start the construction of Music academy. But all the three forget the cause they come for once they get popularity in city and they get addicted to bad habits. They disrespect his father once and Rajasekhar even tries to hit his pregnant wife. All this makes Mr. Naidu send the three sons away from home. Then Sumalata, the daughter-in-law takes the onus to make Mr.Naidu's dream come true. She makes her son a great musician and dancer. After a long time she returns to the city where her husband lives. There she gets Narayana Murthy to take interest in their son's talents without revealing herself to Narayana Murthy or his brother.
Narayana, who doesn't know his son, appreciates his talents well and accepts to teach him music. Sumalata makes other two sons of Mr. Naidu also to concentrate on music through her son. She teaches them a lesson and they come to the realize what they did wrong.
In the end, all the sons come together and meet their father and ask for his forgiveness. He forgives them and they start afresh to try and establish the Music Academy.