Bachchan

Bacchu a.k.a. Bijay (Jeet) is an die-hard fan of Amitabh Bachchan, who kept the later's name Vijay (from the film Coolie) and also adopted the surname of the legend. Bijay is the son of a washerman Ramesh (Supriyo Datta), who doesn't want to be like his father, but dreams of earning million bucks. He has an astrologer friend Shankar (Kanchan Mullick) who predicts his future and tells him that his fortunes would change. While delivering the clothes washed and ironed by his father, to a retired Colonel (Kharaj Mukherjee), he falls in love with the latter's younger daughter Priya(Aindrita Ray). Bijay finds out that Priya was set to meet Dr.Partho Sarathi Chatterjee (Saheb Chatterjee), a suitor as instructed by her father. Bijay, with his friend Shankar, reach the hospital and pretend to be a doctor to Priya trying to gently woo her. After some hilarious situations, Priya realizes Bijay's true identity, but soon finding his antics adorable, forgives him and also reciprocates his feelings. One day riding through the streets, Bijay gets into a tussle with few goons and is arrested. Later, he discovers that the goons are the henchmen of an Underworld King named Master (Mukul Dev). Bijay, hiding behind a chair, requests the police officer not to reveal him to Master. After being released from the police station, Bijay finds a mobile phone which had accidentally fallen from Master's pocket. Master, gets a call from his own mobile phone and the unknown caller offers to return the phone. But Bijay, who is the unknown caller demands money for it. Master tries all means to get the phone from Bijay, containing a video starring Police Commissioner Dibakar Saha (Ashish Vidyarthi) by which he could blackmail the commissioner to hide the files of Master from everyone. On the other hand, Bijay extracts money from master doing various things(such as kidnapping Master's brother etc.). The twist in this cat and mouse game comes in the form of Trisha (Payel Sarkar), who wants Master to be killed due to some reasons. The rest of the film discloses the secrets regarding the video of the cellphone, the reasons for what Trisha want Master to be killed and at last what Bijay does after hearing the secrets disclosed by Trisha.