Blood of the Vampire

A man's body wrapped in a shroud is shoved into a Transylvania grave in 1874. An executioner (Milton Reid) drives a stake through its heart. Immediately afterward, Carl (Vincent Maddern), who is severely physically disabled, emerges from hiding and kills the gravedigger (Otto Diamant). Carl summons a drunken doctor (Cameron Hall) to perform a heart transplant on the body, then murders the doctor.
Six years later, Dr. John Pierre (Vincent Ball) is convicted of "malpractice leading to manslaughter" after an emergency blood transfusion, which has never been done successfully, fails, killing his patient. As John's fiancée Madeleine (Barbara Shelley) watches, John is sentenced to life imprisonment in a penal colony. But instead he's sent to a Prison for the Criminal Insane, run by Dr. Callistratus (Donald Wolfit). When John meets Callistratus, he learns that he is help with Calistratus's blood-typing research, so that transfusions can be safely done, especially for those with an unnamed "rare and serious blood condition".
At his trial, John maintained that the patient's death was unavoidable and asked the judge (John Le Menseur) to write to Prof. Meinster (Henry Vidon) in Geneva to vouch for him. The judge says that he'd already had, but Meinster replied that he doesn't know John.
At the request of Madeleine and her uncle (John Stuart), Meinster travels to Transylvania, where they meet with Auron (Bryan Coleman), a member of the Prison Commission. Meinster insists that he was never contacted by the court. Auron, who is on Callistratus's payroll, had intercepted the letter to Meinster and forged a reply. He now must reopen the case.
John grows increasingly uncomfortable with his work because the blood is from unwilling inmates, many of whom die. Auron visits Callistratus and tells him that the Prison Commission has ordered John's release. Callistratus, however, tells John that the Commission has denied his appeal and tells the Commission that John and another inmate, Kurt (William Devlin), both died in an escape attempt. John and Kurt then actually try to escape, but fail. Kurt is presumably killed by the vicious Dobermans which keep the prisoners in line. Madeleine refuses to believe that John is dead and takes a job as Callistratus's housekeeper so she can investigate.
John discovers that Kurt's grave is empty. Auron visits Callistratus again and recognises Madeleine from their meeting. Auron goes to her room and attempts to rape her, but is stopped by Carl, who has fallen in love with her. Callistratus demands an explanation of the assault. Madeleine tells him what happened. Auron denies it and tells Callistratus about her relationship with John. Callistratus throws him out. Insulted, Auron threatens to expose Callistratus. After he leaves, Callistratus sends Carl after him and Auron is not seen again.
Callistratus takes Madeleine to his laboratory and chains her to a wall. John arrives to rescue her but is also chained. Callistratus orders Carl to strap Madeleine to an operating table, but Carl refuses. Callistratus shoots him. Callistratus straps her down himself and wheels out Kurt, now just a torso with a head and one arm. Callistratus tells John that because of his earlier work with blood, he was executed for being a vampire, but had put himself into a state of suspended animation. The heart transplant revived him, but he now has the "rare and fatal blood condition" he spoke of earlier. He needs constant transfusions and has drained all the blood of many inmates. He now intends to transfuse Madeleine's blood into Kurt.
John yells to Kurt to "resist" and Kurt grips Callistratus's arm. As they struggle, they move close enough for John to knock Callistratus unconscious and free himself. Kurt dies from the exertion. John unstraps Madeleine and takes Callistratus hostage, demanding free passage from the prison. They walk free but Carl, who survived Callistratus's shot, frees the hounds, then dies after being shot again by the guards. The Dobermans tear Callistratus to shreds.