Rajamanikyam

In a village in Southern Kerala bordering Tamil Nadu lives a wealthy man named Raja Rathnam Pillai (Saikumar). Following the demise of his first wife, he marries Muthu Lakshmi Ammal so that the child from his marriage will not grow up without the love and care of a mother. Unknown to him, Muthu Lakshmi already has a son, whom she calls by the name Muthu.
On the night of the wedding, Muthu knocks at the door of Raja Rathnam Pillai, demanding that he be shown his mother. Once Raja Rathnam comes to know the truth, he takes Muthu into his care, giving him love, affection and a new name, "Rajamanikyam". Muthu returns the favour duly, as when Raja Rathnam's son ends up killing one of the children of the village, he takes the blame and leaves the village. Several years later, Raja Rathnam's two grown-up children, Rajaselvam (Manoj K. Jayan) and Rani Rathnam (Sindhu Menon), start fighting for their father's wealth. Rajaselvam, aided by his childhood buddy Simon Nadar (Ranjith) also notches up a plot to frame his own father in a murder case. As a result, Raja Rathnam is arrested, but dies of a heart attack while being taken to prison. After his death the two siblings call the family lawyer to read out Raja Rathnam's will in public. But to their surprise, they find that control of all the assets of their father have been given to a cattle dealer in Bellary, known by the name of Bellary Raja (Mammootty), a billionaire. They fail to recognize that Bellary Raja is none other than Rajamanikyam. How Rajamanikyam returns to his home town to unite the warring siblings forms the rest of the story.
During the course of the movie, Rajaselvam and Rani Rathnam tries to thwart Bellary Raja in order to regain control of their father's wealth. But Bellary Raja never falls for any of their attempts and he uses his secretary, educated Raju(Rahman) to stabilize the assets of his stepfather and prevents it from getting into the hands of his siblings, thereby preserving it. Raja effectively uses the help of his thug friends to restore order in the establishment. Simon and Rajaselvam send a goon to kill Bellary from his blind side. However Bellary thwart the attempt, causing him minor wound., Rajaselvam and Simon Nadar get into an argument. Simon Nadar, who wants to harm Rajaselvam, betrays him and he is held by one of his old trade partner, who demands a lot of money for the release of Rajaselvam. Rani, unknown to this, blame Rajamanikyam in order deny them their control on their father's wealth. Rajamanikyam comes to his rescue, pays the required amount of money to release Rajaselvam. He emotionally reveals that he is none other than Rajaselvam's stepbrother and Rani's elder brother. Feeling regret to fulfill his father's wish to unite their family, He leave and prepare to go back. At night Rajaselvam, being drunk came to Bellary and apologize to him where both of them settle their old enmities. He ask Bellary not to leave them and reveal the truth behind their father's death. Towards the end of the movie, Rajaselvam and Simon Nadar get into an argument which turns into a fight. Selvam, beaten badly by Simon and his goons was about to be killed. However Bellary and his men came to rescue and fight off Simon.
At the Climax, Bellari release a bull toward Simon for killing his father and trying to destroying his family and kills him. He reunited with Rajaselvam and takes him home. The movie ends when Rajamanikyam, who is half-blind, says, "Now I have both eyes", signifying Raju (whom he considers a brother) and Rajaselvam.