Antaku Mundu Aa Taruvaata

Anil (Sumanth Ashwin) does not want to settle for an arranged marriage. His mother Sujatha (Rohini) is keen to get him married and he decides to push off to Hyderabad, to escape from the pressure. He has the support of his father (Rao Ramesh). In Hyderabad, he comes across Ananya (Eesha) and falls for her. Ananya is a painter and greeting cards designer who works for Latha (Jhansi). Anil starts wooing Ananya and she falls for his romantic charms. But Ananya is apprehensive about taking the relationship further. Her parents, Sridhar (Ravi Babu), a TV serial creative head and Vidhya (Madhoobala), a yoga expert bitten by the acting bug, keep having arguments and this worries her. Anil sets up a company supplying flowers.
After Ananya expresses her apprehensions, Anil also has similar worries. "What if our relationship becomes boring and mundane after marriage?" is the question on their minds. They decide to have a secret live-in relationship, to see if they are compatible. They rent a flat for 2 months on the condition that they should not try to impress each other and should be themselves. Thus starts their life on an unsure note. One night, Ananya has food poisoning during her menstrual period and Anil, who can't stand people with ailments, after losing a heated argument with her, takes her to the hospital. After returning home, both argue again but reconcile the next morning. Anil and Ananya had sex the previous night and are worried about getting pregnant. Fortunately Ananya is found to be out of risk.
The next day, the couple have to babysit Latha's son as she has to depart to the U.S for an emergency. Though they find it initially hard, they get along with the child after a few days. This happens to continue for weeks and Ananya is annoyed as Anil ignores her as he is indulged in the baby's care. As Ananya is about to leave for Mumbai for a painting exhibition for a week, she comes to know that her mother is going to divorce her father after winning an award for Best Vamp in a serial aired in Sridhar's rival channel. After Latha returns, Anil vacates the flat when Ananya tells him she wants to put a stop to their live-in relationship. Meanwhile, Anil's father comes to know about the betrayal done to him by Sujatha before their marriage which he shares with Anil.
Anil's father loved Shyamala (Pragathi) but their marriage was opposed by Anil's grandparents. By that time Sujatha, who was in love with Anil's father coerced Shyamala and her family to leave town, paving way for their marriage. Now Shyamala is in a hospital in Hyderabad and the duo goes to the hospital and are shocked to find out that the donor of the required liver tissue is Sujatha. She did it as an act of repentance for the sin of separating them, raising her level of respect and love in the hearts of her husband and son. On the other hand, Sridhar is filled with sorrow as Vidya left him but to the surprise of Sridhar and Ananya, Vidya returns the next morning after hearing about Anil's life with Ananya in the past 2 months. After gaining acceptance from both families, an emotional Ananya reconciles with Anil.