Baadshah

Sadhu Bhai (Kelly Dorji) is a notorious mafia leader who escaped India after various terrorist attacks and conquered the underworld of the entire southeast Asia, and no one dares to challenge Sadhu Bhai. Baadshah (N. T. Rama Rao Jr.) enters the underworld for his father Dhanraj (Mukesh Rishi). In the opening scene, Sadhu Bhai's partner, Crazy Robert (Ashish Vidhyarthi), captures Baadshah and his father as Baadshah revolts against Sadhu Bhai. But Baadshah easily defeats Crazy Robert's goons. However, Baadshah learns that both the Indian police, led by ACP Aadi (Navdeep) and IG Ramchandar (Sayaji Shinde), and the Hong Kong police are looking for him and he tries to find a solution for that.
The story cuts to Milan, Italy where Janaki (Kajal Agarwal) is a social worker who has just finished her interior designing course. She lives there with her uncle, Pilli Gopi Krishna Simha (Tanikella Bharani), and cousins, Inky and Pinky. She meets Baadshah alias Rama Rao when he acts as if he is attempting suicide (to get her attention) as his fake, imaginary girlfriend Saira Bhanu dumped him. Janaki, who is not aware of the truth, asks him to spend a day with her, in return she will give him a hope for life. Janaki introduces him to various people who attempted suicide but found hope for life through Janaki's inspiration, one of whom is Dasu (Vennela Kishore), who wasn't actually suicidal and is a laid off slacker. But Rama Rao immediately discovers Dasu's true nature and buys him off to help him in making Janaki fall in love with him.
Meanwhile, Ramchandar leads a police funeral for DIG Balram (Nagendra Babu), who was murdered in the line of duty. ACP Aadi speaks a few words at the funeral and promises in front of the media that he will catch Baadshah at any cost, who Aadi and the police force believe killed Balram. Aadi swears he will avenge Balram's death. On the other hand, Baadshah fights off Sadhu Bhai's henchman, Rakhi Rasul (Supreeth), who comes looking for him. But one of Baadshah's right-hand men is killed by Crazy Robert when he refuses to give information about Baadshah. This is when Baadshah's past is revealed.
Dhanraj works for Sadhu Bhai and runs a casino in Macau through which Sadhu Bhai gets half of his income. Although Sadhu Bhai is the most powerful underworld don, along with his right-hand men Vikram (Vikramjeet Virk) and Rakhi Rasul, he was never able to conquer Hong Kong due to Violent Victor's (Pradeep Rawat) and his son Ruthless Johnny's (Ajaz Khan) control. When Dhanraj attempts to transfer the money from the casino to Sadhu Bhai through Hong Kong, Ruthless Johnny stops Dhanraj's henchmen and tries to steal the money. But Baadshah, Dhanraj's son, fends of Johnny's men. Impressed by his bravery and his fearlessness, Sadhu Bhai asks Baadshah to recover his henchmen Antony, who was kidnapped by Violent Victor. But unknown to Sadhu Bhai, it was Baadshah who kidnapped Antony. Baadshah demands control over Macau in return, to which Sadhu Bhai accepts. Baadshah uses this as an opportunity to attack Ruthless Johnny's place without suspicion from Sadhu Bhai, recover several flood victim children (with whom Ruthless Johnny planned to do illegal organ business), and kill Ruthless Johnny. Baadshah then hands over Antony to Sadhu Bhai as if he recovered him from Violent Victor.
But Violent Victor surrenders Hong Kong to Sadhu Bhai to seek his help in avenging his son's death. Although Sadhu Bhai initially disagrees, he accepts the offer when he finds out that Baadshah was behind Antony's kidnap and played a game with him to get Macau. It is then revealed that Baadshah's original intent on entering the mafia world was to defeat Sadhu Bhai and conquer his empire with the help of his uncle Ganesh (Adithya). Sadhu Bhai sends his men to kill Baadshah but his uncle Ganesh is killed in the car instead in the process, due to Sadhu Bhai's men thinking that Baadshah was in the car. Baadshah goes as far as killing Violent Victor and defeats all of his accomplices. Sadhu Bhai then joins forces with Crazy Robert, Violent Victor's brother.
Ramchandar, IG of the Indian Police Service in Andhra Pradesh, finds out that Sadhu Bhai is shipping a container of RDX from Hong Kong to India, and sends a team headed by DIG Balram and ACP Aadi to intercept the container. In Hong Kong, DIG Balram and ACP Aadi attack Sadhu Bhai's gang in a shootout. However, Aadi betrays Balram, and reveals that he works with Sadhu Bhai. Then Aadi brutally kills Balram. The container is successfully transported to India. Aadi then shoots himself so that the police won't doubt that he killed Balram. Aadi then makes sure Baadshah is framed for Balram's murder. Crazy Robert then kidnaps Dhanraj and captures Baadshah. This was the opening scene of the movie. Baadshah finds out that he was framed for DIG Balram's death and speaks to Ramchandar. Baadshah tells him that ACP Aadi works with Sadhu Bhai. Ramchandar is convinced that Aadi is a snake but finds it hard to convince the entire police department since Aadi is an integral part of that department. He tells Baadshah that Janaki is engaged to Aadi and that they will be married in a few weeks. Ramchandar tells Baadshah to get close to Janaki, which was why Baadshah met her in Milan and the rest of the story is already known. But in the process Baadshah falls in love with Janaki.
Janaki accepts when Baadshah confesses his love. Janaki's uncle agrees to help them when Baadshah reminds him that he cheated Janaki's father by telling him that he is a police officer, when he is actually a film shooting coordinator in Italy. Later, Janaki, Baadshah, Gopi Krishna Simha, Inky, Pinky, and Dasu travel to India.
Meanwhile, Sadhu Bhai plans several bomb blasts in all major cities in India with the RDX on the day of the WSIS in Hyderabad.
Baadshah enters Janaki's household by posing as Wedding Planner Rama Rao. Janaki's household is headed by her father Dr. Pilli Jaya Krishna Simha (Nassar), a strict and disciplined Commissioner of the Indian Police Service in Andhra Pradesh. He expects all the men in the family to be disciplined police officers. But Padmanabha Simha (Brahmanandam) is lazy; he becomes an inspector due to Jaya Krishna Simha's influence. Because of his nature, Padmanabha Simha always gets admonished by Jaya Krishna Simha. Padmanabha Simha always waits for a payback opportunity. Aadi and his father (Jaya Prakash Reddy) arrive to Jaya Krishna Simha's house for Aadi and Janaki's wedding as well. Rama Rao uses this as an opportunity to trap Aadi and reach Sadhu Bhai.
At Janaki's household, Rama Rao takes advantage of Padmanabha Simha and others in hopes of exposing Aadi. When Rakhi Rasul and Crazy Robert enter the city to carry out the planned bomb blasts, Rama Rao goes with Padmanabha Simha and fights the gang and kills Rakhi Rasul. Rama Rao makes Padmanabha Simha take the credit for the job. ACP Aadi and Padmanabha Simha attend a press conference following Rakhi Rasul's death, and Padmanabha Simha takes credit for the murder, shocking Aadi and the rest of the police force. Padmanabha Simha becomes a media hero. The RDX is confiscated by the police.

But Rama Rao's mother (Suhasini Maniratnam) finds out that Rama Rao is Baadshah while Baadshah is talking to Ramchandar. Although she is initially disgusted she finds out from Ramchandar why Rama Rao became Baadshah. Before Rama Rao entered the mafia, Rama Rao, his adoptive brother Siddhu (Siddharth), and his mother were living happily. But the day Rama Rao was to leave for the US, his brother was killed in a bomb blast which Sadhu Bhai planted. Motivated by the intent to kill Sadhu Bhai, who was behind the blast, he applies for a position in the Indian Police Service. But he gets rejected by the whole department because his father Dhanraj (whom Rama Rao thought was dead) was working under Sadhu Bhai, and no one with a criminal family history is allowed into the police department. But Ramchandar, impressed by Rama Rao's determination, tells him that his father was a very talented financial advisor. But since he did not get sufficient recognition in the society, he started working for Sadhu Bhai. But when he asks his wife to follow him with Sadhu Bhai when he is about to leave India, she rejects and later creates as if she and Rama Rao died in an accident. She also tells Rama Rao in his childhood that his father is dead. Ramchandar asks Rama Rao to go undercover as Baadshah and infiltrate the mafia to extract information about Sadhu Bhai for the police department under Operation Baadshah, and in return, all criminal charges against Rama Rao's father will be dropped. Hence, Rama Rao joins the mafia and turns into Baadshah, go avenge Siddhu and end ACP Aadi and Sadhu Bhai. His mother apologizes for not trusting him and Rama Rao reunites her with his reformed father.
Later at the Sangeet ceremony, Aadi gets tricked and spikes the juice with alcohol, making everyone at the ceremony drunk. Jaya Krishna Simha gets enraged and has a public dispute with ACP Aadi and his father.
Sadhu Bhai comes to Hyderabad and kills the police informer (Rajiv Kanakala) that notified the police of the RDX and Rakhi Rasul's location. He had found out from the dying informer that Baadshah and Ramchandar are behind Padmanabha Simha and that Padmanabha Simha is just a buffoon. Sadhu Bhai then makes ACP Aadi kidnap Ramchandar and capture Padmanabha Simha. Padmanabha Simha reveals that Rama Rao is Baadshah and finds out that he had been used.
ACP Aadi and Sadhu Bhai then attempt to leave Hyderabad, but Baadshah intervenes in the process. Ramchandar reveals that Baadshah alias Rama Rao has been appointed as the new Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP), and that he was hired when he recovered the RDX and proved his worth. Baadshah fights off all of Sadhu Bhai's goons and finally engages in a fight with ACP Aadi. He eventually kills Aadi and his father, Sadhu Bhai and his minions, and Crazy Robert, thus ending Operation Baadshah.
The movie ends on a happy note as he gets engaged to Janaki, and Jaya Krishna Simha is happy that another strong police officer is becoming part of his household.