Dhwani (film)

This movie revolves around the life of Rajasekharan, Shabari, Devi and Ongallur Sadasivan. Ongallur Sadasivan, a minister of Kerala Legislative Assembly, is alleged to be involved in a scam relating to dam construction. Vettukuzhi, a political kingmaker, tries to save Sadasivan and the reputation of the political party. A Commission, headed by an honest Justice Rajeshekharan Nair, is appointed by the Court to investigate into the dam scam. Shabari, a young handsome and talented writer, resides at the Kerala Guest House, to complete his new novel. Shabari is forced to vacate the room occupied by him at the Guest House, due to the arrival of the judge and his family consisting of his wife Malathi and their beautiful daughter Devi, who is also an avid dancer. Thanks to Shabari's literary talents, he and Devi get acquainted with each other, eventually falling in love with each other. Dr. Dinesh, son of Sadasivan, does not appreciate his father's rather illicit friendship with Vettukuzhi. Dr. Dinesh's and his lover Sunitha's marriage gets called off due to the allegations faced by his father. With things getting tense, Vettukuzhi tries to bribe Rajasekharan, though he fails. Shabari tells Rajasekharan about his wish to marry Devi. Rajasekharan and Malathi are happy about this union. When Shabari asks Devi whether she is interested in marrying him, she becomes happy, but remains silent. When Shabari becomes adamant for an answer, Devi cries. That is when Shabari knows about Devi's inability to speak. Devastated, he returns to his parents and tells them everything, only for the proposal to be rejected bluntly. With other proposals already failing as well as being fond of Shabari's family, Justice Rajasekharan tries to convince Shabari's father, who is also his childhood friend, though he fails to change the family's decision. Eventually, the Commission submits its report about the dam scam, resulting in the resignation of Minister Ongallur Sadasivan. Devi's family remains heartbroken over her fate, while preparing to leave the Guest House. The very next morning, Shabari's family arrives and convinces Rajasekharan of their consent to accept Devi, who has now gone missing. In a frantic search, Shabari finally finds a weary Devi sitting by the river side. Thus, the duo is united, ending the film on a happy note.