Rachcha

Raj (Ram Charan) is a Hyderabad-based gambler living with his adopted parents who supports his means of living. Tragedy strikes the family when his adopted father (M. S. Narayana) is diagnosed with cirrhosis as a result of alcoholism. Raj needs ₹2 million for his father's liver transplantation, which must be done within a month. As he is on the lookout for money, he is approached by James (Ajmal Ameer), his rival in betting, with a betting challenge. James dares Raj to make Chaitra (Tamannaah), a dental student and the daughter of a dreaded and influential businessman Bellary (Mukesh Rishi) to fall in love with him. If he is able to complete the task before 31 December 2011, James will give him the money needed for his father's operation and if not, he has to give up betting forever.
Desperate for the money, Raj takes up the challenge and begins wooing Chaitra. Initially, she appears to spurn his advances and sets him even tougher challenges to propose her. Raj successfully overcomes all these challenges and Chaitra soon reciprocates his advances. Bellary finds out about their relationship and sends his henchmen to kill the couple on the night of 31 December. Raj and Chaitra successfully dodge the henchmen and escape to Srisailam. Bellary, with the help of his corrupt minister-friend Baireddanna (Kota Srinivasa Rao) and the latter's Dubai-based son (Dev Gill), begins a search for them. At Srisailam, James rescues the couple from Bellary's henchmen but gets stabbed by Baireddanna's son who also kidnaps Chaitra. An injured James then reveals about Raj's past.
Raj's father Suryanarayana (R. Parthiepan) was a respected man in Rayadurg and his best friend, a rich man named Ramamurthy (Nassar), was Chaitra's father. Chaitra and Raj were childhood friends. Bellary, who is Ramamurthy's brother-in-law, found out about the presence of iron ore under Ramamurthy's land and along with Baireddanna, decided to exploit the ore for their own benefit. When Suryanarayana and Ramamurthy objected, they and their families, except Raj and Chaitra, were killed by Bellary and Baireddanna. Chaitra was adopted by Bellary who planned to kill her when she becomes an adult so that he could acquire Ramamurthy's land. Chaitra, who was aware about Raj's love for making bets, told her childhood friend James to trap Raj by placing the bet (which took place earlier in the movie) so that Bellary and Baireddanna can be destroyed using him. Raj decides to avenge his father's death and kills Bellary, Baireddanna and his son at Rayadurg. He rescues Chaitra and distributes Ramamurthy's land to the villagers after marrying her.