Swarna Manjari

Once upon a time in a kingdom there lived a Prince Chandra Bhanu (N. T. Rama Rao) his teacher Mahendra Shakti (Rajanala) is a crooked person who has a dual face one as Rajaguru another as a wizard in disguise. Swarna Manjari (Anjali) renowned dancer trained by her father Varma (Chittor V. Nagaiah) gives a dance performance on the birthday celebrations of Prince and wins his heart, both of them starts liking each other. While Rajaguru also attracted towards Swarna Manjari. Chandra Bhanu orders to honor them appropriate mode but Rajaguru neck them out. After that Mahendra Shakthi plans to sacrifice Swarna Manjari to the goddess to acquire supernatural powers, so, he kidnaps her and tries to molest but she escapes. Meanwhile, Chandra Bhanu with his friend Srimukha (Padmanabham) stats traveling around the country before coronation. On the way he comes to know regarding Swarna through her father then he takes a vow that he will definitely protect Swarna and make her as his queen. In Search of Swarna, Chandra Bhanu & Srimukha reaches a mysterious place where a musical tree carries them to a lake. A Mermaid named Yamini (Jayanthi) takes Chandra into the water and tries to attract him but in vain.
On the bank of the lake, Srimukha is under water the control of creeper woman named Latha (Meena Kumari) and they fell in love. After escaping from Mahendra Shakti Swarna reaches this place and knows what happened, to rescue Chandra she goes underwater and prays Lord Jalakanteshwara Swamy (Ramakrishna). With his blessing, she could rescue Chandra but mermaid follows them and cuts her head hands and ask her to live like that, Chandra again goes to the lake and he pleads mermaid to give life to Swarna. She agrees with the promise that he should come back to her by full moon day for which he agrees. Swarna gets her head and body but without hands. In spite, Chandra takes her to his kingdom and marries her. On the full moon day, the mermaid takes away Chandra. Swarna gives birth to a baby boy. Raju Guru writes a letter like Chandra blaming character of Swarna and throws her out of the kingdom with the child. In the forest, both mother and child got separated. The child reaches to Swarna's father Varma and he recognizes the boy by the locket in his neck. There Mermaid asks Chandra to do some adventurous deeds so that she will get rid of her curses. Chandra agrees and succeeds in it then she relieves him. Chandra gets back to his kingdom comes to regarding the letter, where Rajaguru kidnaps him and keep in his den. Meanwhile, in search of the child Swarna saves Nagendra, King of snakes with his boon she gets back her hands. Finally, Swarna, Srimukha, Latha, Varma along with the child reaches to Rajaguru's den, Chandra stamps out Mahendra Shakti and the movie ends a happy note.