Sukran

Ravi Shankar (Ravi Krishna) and Sandhya (Natassha), who are students of a college in Dindigul are love birds. But Sandhya faces a problem in her home as her uncle has a false eye on her. One day, he peeps into her bathroom and she complains it to her stepmother, while Sandhya encourages Ravi Shankar by telling him that they will one day get married. When Sandhya's stepmother (Nalini) comes to know of their affair, she pokes her nose in their wheel. But, Ravi Shankar's father (Nassar), who is very caring and loving sends them to Chennai. For his act, he gets killed by Sandhya's stepmother. Upon reaching Chennai, a corrupt police officer Mahesh (Sriman) apprehends Ravi Shankar on a complaint given by Sandhya's stepmother that he had murdered his father when he put his foot down on their affair. Ravi is put behind the bars.
Sandhya is persuaded to seek the help of a judge named Needhi Manikkam (Rajan P Dev) to get a bail for Ravi Shankar. But the judge, being an incorrect person, blackmails her to sleep with him causing her to split saliva on his face. Then Sandhya is taken to a palace by the police, where she gets raped by the corrupt police officer Mahesh, a minster's son and the judge. They remove her clothes and binds her to the bed and they rape her by turns, which they also video graph, causing her to become unconscious. After a series of events, the couple decides to commit suicide. At this juncture, here arrives a Criminal Lawyer named Sukran (Vijay), who advises them to face all the troubles boldly. They get married to each other and start living in a small house and life gets normal for them.But,one day, when Sandhya is in her nightdress, they forces her again causing the couple to get harassed by the police, in which Sandhya gets arrested on false charges of prostitution. All efforts by Ravi to get her out on bail is futile. An agitated Ravi shoots the inspector, the judge, and the Minister's son who raped his girlfriend and escapes with her from the court.
Sukran steps in and promises to save the couple. He appears on behalf of Ravi and puts forward enough evidence to help out Ravi. He also eventually kills the Minister Janardhanan (Vijayan), who is responsible for all the wrongdoings and also due to his previous disputes with him. After that, Sukran himself surrenders to the police, stating that although Janardhanan was a pervert, he should not have done the murder in front of the judge.