Ko 2

A common man named Kumaran (Bobby Simha) kidnaps the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Yogeeswaran (Prakash Raj) at a private old age home event in Chennai. The news goes viral and everyone from the local to the Central cabinet starts taking the issue personally. The Home Minister Thillainayagam (Ilavarasu) appoints Santhanapandian (John Vijay), the Police Commissioner of Tirunelveli, to rescue Yogeeswaran. Santhanapandian questions Bala (Bala Saravanan), a minister's son who was discovered unconscious at the scene of the kidnapping. Bala tells that he and Kumaran had become friends when Kumaran has saved him from a group of thugs, but are shocked to see that they both love the same girl named Priyadharshini (Nikki Galrani). Bala also reveals that Kumaran willingly allowed him to pursue his relationship with Priyadharshini in exchange for making arrangements for Yogeeswaran to attend the old age home event. Meanwhile, as Santhanapandian and his deputy Arivazhagan (Bharath Reddy) strive to get clues about Kumaran, Kumaran explains to Yogeeswaran his motive for kidnapping him.
Kumaran was an orphan, but due to the efforts of an honest politician Kumaraswamy (Nassar), who had sponsored him, he got a good education and became a journalist with the News7 TV channel. When he went to Kumaraswamy's house to thank him for his contribution to his life, he found out that Kumaraswamy had gone missing for many days. On further investigation, he learnt that Kumaraswamy had been buried alive by Thillainayagam and his sons. Thillainayagam had contested against Kumaraswamy in the last election and had defeated him by rigging the vote, which forced Kumaraswamy to file a case against him and demand a recount. When Kumaraswamy refused to withdraw the case against him, Thillainayagam and his sons buried him alive. Kumaran filed a case against Thillainayagam and asked Kumaraswamy's intellectually disabled son Kumaran (Karunakaran), who was unaware that his father had been killed, to give the statement to the police inspector. However, the police inspector was Thillainayagam's aide and informed him about Kumaran. Thillainayagam's sons took Kumaran on a bus and pushed him out en route. Kumaran then was run over by a lorry, killing him. In order to avenge the death of Kumaraswamy and his son, Kumaran hatched a plan with Priyadharshini and Bala to kidnap Yogeeswaran to expose Thillainayagam slowly through false media reports based on false replies by Bala while being interrogated by the police. In the process, Thillainayagam's sons are taken into questioning. After being tortured, they eventually give in and expose Thillainayagam as Kumaraswamy's murderer, even giving them the location in Thillainayagam's lawn where Kumaraswamy was buried. Thillainayagam is arrested, and Kumaran releases Yogeeswaran. Kumaran also escapes from his hideout and poses as a journalist, while Yogeeswaran says he can identify the kidnapper. Even Santhanapandian gives up on pursuing the kidnapper as he had kidnapped Yogeeswaran with good intentions.