Challenge 2

Debraj Roy (Tapas Pal) is an independent MLA of the constituency of Debnagar, which is named after him, in West Bengal, and is regarded as a champion for the poor and one who have idealistic values. When a truck collides with the car his brother Angshuman Roy (Kushal Chakraborty) and he are in, Debraj goes into a coma. Except his family, everyone else presumes that he is killed in the accident. Years later, his son Abhiraj Roy a.k.a. Abhi (Dev) is a police officer in Mumbai who fights against the mafia and is on a mission to apprehend a Mafia don Guru Nayak (Ashish Vidyarthi) who is involved in illegal drug trade, extortion and arms trafficking.
When he heads to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in an undercover operation, he meets Pooja, the daughter of Abhi's senior police officer, Madhusudan Bakshi (Rajatava Dutta) and soon falls in love with her. She initially rejects his advances which makes him give up. However, he is successful in the undercover operation and arrests Nayak's brother Bunty (Surajit Sen). After returning to India, he again meets Pooja and, to his surprise, she reciprocates his feelings. In an attempt to arrest Nayak, Bunty and the police commissioner is killed and Debraj's loyal follower Shivu (Kaushik Chakraborty) reveals to Abhi that Nayak, along with Debraj's rival, Apurba Ghosh (Deepankar De), and Debraj's other followers including Jagganath (Sumit Ganguly) and Krishnakanto Mitro (Debesh Roy Chowdhury) were behind Debraj's accident, which makes Abhi plot to kill all of them.
When Debraj comes out of the coma, the doctors who treated him advise his family that his life is at risk if he encounters or hears anything upsetting, disturbing or shocking. Abhi hides the events surrounding the accident and shifts his family to his previously abandoned mansion which is now being used for film making. Abhi creates a dummy political set-up at this mansion. In the guise of a reality television program, Abhi tricks an aspiring but unsuccessful film actor Swarnakamal (Kharaj Mukherjee) by making him believe that the television show is being sponsored by actor Mithun Chakraborty's television show, and that Mithun Chakraborty wants to offer Swarnakamal very high remuneration for his realistic performance in the show. On the other hand, an aspiring actor Premjit (Subhashish Mukhopadhyay) and Apurba Ghosh are tricked by Abhi with a real estate business deal to exploit his criminal nexus.
Abhi keeps this drama under wraps from Debraj by making him believe that Abhi is also an MLA revered by people fulfilling his dad's wishes. He marries Pooja after gaining her family's consent much to Debraj's delight. Meanwhile, Abhi manages to kill Jogonnath and Apurba without the knowledge of anybody while Debraj believes that they died due to ailments. Nayak reaches Kolkata to kill Abhi and Abhi's drama is exposed before everybody except Debraj. Abhi killed Guru Nayak's gang members and others in an encounter while Nayak is later killed in a Ramlila event. Debraj too comes to know about Abhi's drama and is happy for the affection his son showed on him.