Kadhale En Kadhale

Rajiv (Naveen) is a final-year student and also the son of a rich couple (Ramakrishna and Chitra Shenoy). His family friend's daughter Krithika (Roma Asrani), a very shy girl, comes to stay in their house. She joins the same school as him as a first-year student, Rajiv helps her in many ways. At the college admission day, Rajiv falls under the spell of the fresher Pragathi (Shrutha Keerthi). Krithika later left their home and moves to the college hostel. One day, Krithika falls sick and Rajiv takes care of her, therefore she falls in love with him. Everyday, Krithika records her love for Rajiv in a journal in her computer. Whereas Rajiv is attracted by Pragathi's friendly approach, speech and graceful look. Rajiv does not have courage to convey his love to Pragathi. On the final day of college, Rajiv reveals to Krithika that he is in love with her classmate Pragathi, Krithika is therefore heartbroken. Rajiv then proposes his love to Pragathi, but she doesn't reciprocate his love and humiliates him.
Rajiv later finds a job and has to go to Singapore but he does want to leave his native place. Krithika then encourages him to go, captivated by her gentle words, he moves there. After his return to homeland, his company gives Rajiv a promotion for his work and wants to send him to the United States for a two-year project. His parents compel him to get married before he left for the US but he categorically refuses. His parents then force him to see a bride, she is none other than his ex-lover Pragathi and he refuses to marry her. One day, Pragathi meets Rajiv and apologizes for humiliating him when he proposed his love. She tells him that she has changed a lot since the suicide of her best friend Shalini (Vijayalakshmi).
Rajiv then accepts to get married with Pragathi. Their engagement goes as planned. Krithika, who seems to be happy on the outside, is in fact suffering on the inside. Thereafter, Krithika's father compels her daughter to get married but she could not forget Rajiv. Later, Rajiv tries to convince his well-wisher Krithika to get married, but to Rajiv's surprise, Pragathi reveals that Krithika is in love with Rajiv and was to shy to reveal her love. The film ends with Pragathi sacrificing her love.