Alaigal Oivathillai

Vichu (Karthik) belongs to a poor Hindu family in coastal Tamil Nadu. Vichu's mother (Kamala Kamesh) teaches music to make a living. Then comes Mary (Radha), the sister of a rich, influential man David (Thiagarajan), who returns home a year after pursuing her education in the city . Mary starts learning music from Vichu's mother, and after a series of interesting events, Vichu and Mary fall in love with each other. David's wife Elissy (Silk Smitha) hears about this and strictly forbids Mary from having any dealings with Vichu. However things start getting worse when Vichu and his friends officially ask David for Mary's hand in marriage. Enraged, David thrashes Mary and arranges her wedding with another man. He also violently injures Vichu and tries to kill him. In spite of all the odds against them, Vichu assures Mary that just as the waves do not cease, their love for each other will also never cease, thus the name of the movie "Alaigal Oivathillai". The captivating songs and background score by Ilaiyaraja, the eye-catching, unselfconscious performance of the lead debutants and the natural portrayal of rural life is a real treat to the viewers. How the two lovers unite despite all the obstacles is what makes the movie an evergreen hit.
The movie also conveys subtle hints of power-play in villages and class/caste/religious barriers that divide and even oppress those deemed lower in status. David is shown as a rapist, who cleanly gets away with raping his maid with Elissy's tacit support, when she stood "guard" and tried to divert the maid's husband from realizing what was going on. The rape victim and her husband, knowing David's power and influence in the village, realize that it was futile to confront him-and-except for a sarcastic comment, otherwise quietly left without making a scene. Except for Elissy's soft attempts to make him regret while expressing her personal remorse, nothing more was said about the rape, but in a show of hypocrisy, David the rapist himself later proclaims morality and Christian values, in an attempt to prevent his sister Mary from marrying Vichu.