Farewell to Nostradamus

Lupin the Third and Daisuke Jigen steal a diamond and hide it in a doll. Though Inspector Zenigata attempts to catch the two, he fails and they escape on an airplane. While on the plane, a little girl named Julia steals Lupin's doll. Lupin chases her and she leads him to Fujiko Mine, who is chaperoning her. Lupin tries to bargain with Fujiko in an effort to get the doll back, but their conversation is interrupted when the plane is hijacked.
The hijackers land the plane at a nearby airport and request transportation and a million dollar ransom in exchange for the women and children, as well as the Brazil National Football Team who also boarded the plane. While Fujiko and Julia are allowed to get off the plane, Lupin and Jigen must stay on with the hijackers. Meanwhile, a man named Chris watches the commotion from a distance and activates the bomb the hijackers have using his watch. When the bomb starts counting down, the hijackers become startled and Lupin, Jigen, and the rest of the passengers use this opportunity to fight back and escape from the plane.
During the commotion, Zenigata arrives and makes another attempt to arrest Lupin and Jigen, but he becomes sidetracked when he tries to disarm the bomb. As Lupin and Jigen escape, Julia (still holding the doll) is kidnapped by Chris and his henchmen via helicopter. Fujiko then explains to Lupin and Jigen that Julia is the daughter of Douglas, a nominee for President of the United States and is worth $50,000,000. Meanwhile, a man named Rhisley, the head of a cult known as the Nostradamus Sect, speaks to a crowd of followers. He claims to have a book filled with the lost prophecies of Nostradamus and recites one of the verses which predicted the plane's hijacking.
In actuality, his book is a fake. The real one is in the safe on the top floor of the Earth Building, which belongs to Douglas. Fujiko reveals that she took the job of looking after Julia in order to break into the safe and steal the lost prophecies of Nostradamus. The three travel to the Earth Building and Fujiko meets with Douglas and his wife, Mary, to tell them that Julia has been kidnapped while Lupin and Jigen try to break into the vault. During all of this, Chris makes an appearance on TV and demands that Douglas drop out of the presidential race in exchange for Julia. Douglas refuses, saying that the kidnapping will lead to sympathy for his campaign.
Meanwhile, Lupin and Jigen fail to open the vault and Fujiko is kidnapped by Chris. While driving through the city searching for Fujiko, Lupin and Jigen come across Goemon Ishikawa XIII and convince him to join them. Goemon agrees because he is also searching for the lost prophecies. Lupin then makes a plan to get himself arrested and sent to Execution Island, a prison where Lupin's Uncle Philip is kept in. He does this because Philip was the only person who managed to get inside the vault. During Lupin's stay, Chris and the Nostradamus Sect take Uncle Philip and use a machine to get inside his brain and extract the information on how to get into the vault. However, during the process, Philip dies. Lupin takes Philips body and discovers that one of his eyes is fake. He takes it out and keeps it as something to remember him by.
After the mishap, Jigen and Goemon arrive in a helicopter and try to help Lupin escape, but Lupin is shot in the arm by Chris and falls into the ocean. The next day, Lupin wakes up on an island and is being nursed back to health by a boy named Sergio and his grandmother. While on the island, he discovers that Fujiko is there as well, but Sergio's grandmother says that she's really a handmaiden of the Nostradamus Sect named Tanya. Lupin follows Fujiko to a cathedral where the sect is located. When he sneaks in, he finds out that Julia is being kept prisoner there and Fujiko has lost her memory. Before he can find out anything else, Lupin is discovered by the sect and they throw them in a cell.
Meanwhile, Jigen and Goemon believe that Lupin is dead and stake out a black market weapons shop, waiting for Chris. He shows up with some henchmen and they partake in a short battle. Jigen attempts to kill Chris, but he gets away. After the fight, Lupin contacts Jigen with a device hidden in his tooth. He informs Jigen that the Nostradamus Sect is connected to the kidnapping and that he is being held prisoner by them. While this is taking place, Julia cuts off a wrist band that Fujiko is wearing and her memories return. Chris then meets with Rhisley as their plan is revealed. As more people join the Nostradamus Sect, and their lies become the only truths, they plan to gain enough power to have the entire world bow down to them. Rhisley tells Chris that since Douglas won't back down, that Julia isn't of any use to them anymore.
An attempt on Julia's life is made, but Lupin, Fujiko, and Sergio help her escape. As the sect closes in on them, Jigen and Goemon arrive and get them all out of there via helicopter, but Julia is kidnapped once again. They make their way back to the States and try to come up with a plan to get into the vault. Lupin then recalls the fake eye he got from Uncle Philip and thinks that since the security system only recognizes the eyes of Douglas' immediate family, Philip must have used the eye to get into the vault. Meanwhile, the Brazilian Soccer Team is staying in the Earth Building when Chris uses his watch to activate the same wrist bands they're wearing that Fujiko had on earlier. The bands hypnotize them and they place several bombs throughout the building. Goemon discovers what's going on and informs the others about it.
The next day, Rhisley speaks to a crowd of people in front of the Earth Building and informs them that one of the verses states that the skyscraper will explode, leading to the many people inside to evacuate. During the commotion, Lupin, Jigen, Fujiko, and Goemon make another attempt to break into the vault. However, Chris goes against Rhisley's plan and enter the building to steal the lost prophecies of Nostradamus for himself. Rhisley chases him with a helicopter to stop him. Chris gets to the vault first and uses Julia to get inside, but the inside of the vault has a defense mechanism which creates the illusion that Chris is falling into an endless abyss. When Lupin and Jigen arrive, Julia gives them the prophecies of Nostradamus, but Rhisley meets them and threatens to kill them if they don't give him the prophecies.
While Chris is still affected by the vault's illusion, he panics and activates the bombs with his watch. The building is severely damaged, but is still able to stand. Jigen, Goemon, and Fujiko are separated from Lupin and Julia, but Douglas gets parachutes to all of them and they plan to meet up at the bottom. However, the vault's illusion is disrupted and Chris comes to his senses and attacks Lupin and Julia. As the Earth Building continues to break apart, the vault collapses onto Chris, killing him. Lupin and Julia make their escape and Rhisley falls to his death.
When the disaster is over, Julia is reunited with her family. As Lupin and the others make plans to sell the book of lost prophecies, Goemon discovers that Julia had doodled on several of the pages in the past, so no one would ever buy it. Realizing, that it's now useless, they destroy the book, but Julia returns the diamond to Lupin and they all watch as the Earth Building collapses.