Aishwarya

Abhishek Hegde (Upendra) had first fallen in love with a young lady Anjali (Daisy Bopanna) who was a model. As a struggling model, Anjali finds herself in a fortunate position where she is mistaken to be girlfriend to Abhishek and gets many new offers. Abhishek tries to confront her on seeing the news about his affair with her, but falls in love with her instead. Anjali dies in an accident when the two declare their love and are hugging, Abhishek's car hits a lorry. As Anjali's family were not in favour of her decision of marrying Abhishek, he is informed that Anjali has married the person she has been engaged to and did not care to tell him that Anjali has actually died and visit him, even when he was in hospital recovering from injuries after the accident. Abhishek's grandfather had faked an invitation card to Anjali's wedding only to keep him away from further mental trauma. This angers Abhishek and he starts to hate women with the generalisation that all women are like Anjali. After a long gap Aishwarya (Deepika Padukone) joins the company he works in which is owned by his uncle as an assistant manager. After a stay for a few days in the office, she gets Abhishek fired and she takes the position of manager. Abhishek now not knowing what to do talks to his aunt, but is interrupted by his uncle, who is mean to him. Finally, he takes the job of assistant manager as that is the only job available. Within a few days they assigned a task at Vienna. The two travel to Europe on business for ten days and learn from each other. Aishwarya transforms Abhishek by her assertive and fun-loving nature. They fall in love with each other but don't express it. Abhishek finds out that Aishwarya is getting engaged as decided by her family to a very strict family from Mandya. Aishwarya is aware of Abhishek's feelings for her. Both of them finally speak out their love. Now, Abhishek, to save his love, drives to reach Aishwarya. At that moment, Aishwarya will be on a boat travelling to the place where she has to get marry. Abhishek reaches there and shouts out for Aishwarya, and she responds by jumping into the river. They both reunite and share their moment of joy by telling how much they love each other. The movie ends on a happy note and they are married by the end.