Segunda Mano

Owen (Rico Blanco) and Mariella (Angelica Panganiban) are fighting in a car by a lake. It appears that Owen has left his wife to be with Mariella, and is angry that Mariella is not willing to make the same sacrifice. The fight turns violent and Mariella tries to escape from the car. The scene cuts to flashback.
Mariella tells her husband, Ivan (Dingdong Dantes), that her best friend, Samantha (Bettina Carlos) needs company and drives off. Later, it is revealed that Mariella is dead.
Mabel (Kris Aquino) owns an antique store. She is the only child of her mother, Adela (Helen Gamboa). It is revealed that Mabel’s sister, Marie, was lost in an accident when they were children. Marie’s ghost haunts their home on the anniversary of her loss. One rainy day, Ivan meets Mabel and they begin a relationship. One year later, Ivan proposes. His daughter with Mariella, Angel, greets Mabel icily. Meanwhile, Samantha begins expressing her interest in Ivan, who does not reciprocate her feelings.
Mariella's ghost begins haunting Mabel. On some poor advice from Mabel’s best friend, Anna (Bangs Garcia), Mabel unknowingly buys Mariella’s red bag but throws it out when she realizes. Anna’s boyfriend, Dindo (Jhong Hilario), sees Mariella's ghost.
Samantha “jumps” out her window after seeing Mariella's ghost. Ivan and Mabel argue after Mabel tells him she has been seeing Mariella’s ghost. Angel and Mabel finally reconcile. Mabel and Anna turn to a medium, Manang Letty for advice. At a séance, Mabel is told Mariella’s soul has been released and the only way to set her free is to leave the red bag in church. However, an old lady sleeping inside the church takes the bag and leaves; the bag starts bleeding. Dindo sees Mariella's ghost again, and is killed. Mabel confronts Ivan, who thinks Mabel is leaving him for Dindo. Ivan turns violent, and Mabel ends the relationship.
Mabel takes Mariella's car to show Ivan as proof of the haunting. Mariella takes control and takes Mabel to the lake, revealing that it is Ivan who assaulted her at the beginning of the film, not Owen. Ivan then killed Mariella and ran the car, with Mariella in it, into the bottom of the lake.
Ivan calls and tells Mabel that Adela is with him. Mabel goes to save her mother. It is revealed that Ivan killed Owen, Mariella, Dindo, and Samantha. Mariella’s ghost appeared to Dindo and Samantha just before Ivan was to kill them. Mabel and Ivan fight but Ivan overpowers her and throws her limp body into the pool. As Adela lies injured, Marie appears to Adela, and morphs into Mariella. On the home CCTV, Ivan notices Mariella bringing Mabel to safety, and Mabel knocks Ivan into the pool. Mariella grabs Ivan to drown him.
The epilogue shows the remains of the car that are found by the river, and Adela expresses relief at learning that Marie had led a good life and that her soul is at peace. Later, Ivan’s ghost begins to haunt Mabel.