Death at a Funeral

In England, Daniel (Matthew Macfadyen) and his wife Jane (Keeley Hawes) live with his parents, while Daniel's brother Robert (Rupert Graves) is a renowned novelist living in New York City. The story begins on the day of their father's funeral. Robert arrives, having flown First Class, but declines to help finance the funeral, leaving Daniel to cover all the expenses. As guests begin to arrive, Daniel struggles to complete a eulogy, even though everyone expects Robert will be the one to deliver it.
Daniel's cousin Martha (Daisy Donovan) and her fiancé Simon (Alan Tudyk) are desperate to make a good impression on Martha's father Victor (Peter Egan). Their hopes for doing so are dashed when Martha, hoping to calm Simon's nerves, gives him what she believes is Valium but is actually a hallucinogenic designer drug manufactured by her brother Troy (Kris Marshall), a pharmacy student.
An American man named Peter (Peter Dinklage), who has dwarfism, introduces himself to Daniel, who is too busy to speak to him at that moment and suggests they talk later. The service begins and the hallucinating Simon, certain he sees the coffin moving, tips it over, causing the body to spill out onto the floor. During the ensuing chaos, Simon is told why he is acting as he is, so he panics and locks himself in the bathroom. Martha tries to persuade him to open the door while fending off the unwelcome advances of Justin (Ewen Bremner), with whom she once had a one-night stand that she would like to forget. Simon climbs onto the roof naked and threatens to jump.
While most of the guests are watching Simon on the roof, Peter meets privately with Daniel and Robert and reveals he was their father's lover. Unhappy that he was left nothing in their father's will, Peter shows them compromising photographs, trying to blackmail the family for £15,000. The brothers panic, bind and gag Peter, and give him what they believe is Valium to calm him down. Peter manages to free himself, but falls and hits his head on a glass coffee table. Troy and germaphobic family friend Howard (Andy Nyman) believe Peter to be dead. Forced to dispose of the body as quickly and surreptitiously as possible, Daniel and Robert place it in the casket with their father. Martha tells Simon that she is pregnant with their child, and she takes him off the roof, much to everyone's relief.
Once everyone returns, the service resumes. Daniel's awkward eulogy is interrupted when the still-alive Peter leaps from the coffin and the photos fall out for everyone, including Daniel and Robert's mother Sandra (Jane Asher), to see. Daniel demands everyone to stay calm, declares his father was a good man, although clearly one with secrets, and finally proceeds to deliver an impromptu tribute.
In the evening, after all the mourners (including Peter) have left, Robert tells Daniel that he plans on taking their mother to New York so that Daniel and Jane can finally buy their own flat. Their conversation is interrupted when Jane tells them that Uncle Alfie (Peter Vaughan) had a panic attack over Simon, so she gave him some "Valium." The film ends with Uncle Alfie on the roof naked, as Simon had been.