CID Shankar

The film start had in its title sequence in which a politician is killed by a suicide bomber who explodes her explosive belt. C. I. D. Shankar and his assistant Raju (Thengai Srinivasan) is deputed to the Nilgiris to investigate a case of mysterious murder. C. I. D. Ashokan (Pakkirisamy) also stay for the town, who pose at research of herbal, his close relation of lover's club dancer Reeta (Jayakumari). Ashokan finds all truth and he goes to Nagamalai estate, where he gives lift to a young girl who explodes her belt. Ashokan gives diary and locker key to Vithya (Sakunthala) who saves his life and admits him in the hospital. But unfortuneately Ashokan was killed by the mysterious gang in hospital. Vithya gives the things to Shankar and both fall in love. Raju falls in love with actress Rama (Kumari Radha), who also stays in the same hotel. Shankar meet Reeta and asks her to help him. She gives information to his assistant Raju and later on she is killed by the same mysterious gang. Vithya asks help from her brother Sundaram (Vennira Aadai Moorthy) for the herbal details. Sundaram meets his friend Boopathy (R. S. Manohar). Shankar was introduced to Boopathy by himself as herbel researcher who gives the helpful information of the drug detail. Some particular herb grows at Nagamalai Estate inside the forest named by black forest, that herbal name was Arome was produced by drug. The drug was injected to human body, who goes to hipnatis and affect to constpution, they person are used for the gang illegal works. Boopathy was receives Shankar and Vithya and her brother Sundaram are goes to the forest. Their realising Boopathy also one of the member of the mysterious gang and their meets to the gang leader and their hidden secret place. Shankar discovers to the murder are being, committed by a terrorist gang, who are embarking on a secret movement will CID Shankar he able to accomplish his mission. Finally, Shankar against gun fighting to the gang, and this shooting Boopathy was died for saved Vithya life.