Ok Jaanu

Adi (Aditya Roy Kapur) is a video game developer who accidentally meets Tara (Shraddha Kapoor) at his friend's wedding. Tara is planning to pursue her studies in Paris, while Adi wants to achieve big in the United States as a video game developer and become a big shot like Mark Zuckerberg. They soon spend time together, and fall in love. They agree that marriage is not for them and decide to have a live-in relationship instead, and Tara moves into Adi's place, rented from Gopi Srivastava (Naseeruddin Shah). They wish to spend their time with each other before they go their separate ways for their respective careers. Tara and Adi live happily, being playful with each other.
One early morning, Tara has a conversation with Gopi. She tells him that she might get her visa approved for going to Paris, and that it's hard for her to leave Adi and go far away. The next day Tara goes to Jaipur for her business, and Adi starts to miss her terribly. Upon seeing the love and patience his house owner Gopi has for his wife, Charu (Leela Samson), an Alzheimer's patient, who eventually forgets the way to her own house, they begin to understand the importance of each other's presence in their life.
Soon, Adi is selected to develop his skills in video games and to go to the United States. He tells his colleague that it's hard for him to leave Tara. The next day, both of them make an agreement to enjoy themselves to the maximum for the 10 days left before they separate. Nearing the last day, they begin to have little fights and arguments, which don't last long.
One day, Charu goes missing again, as she did when she forgot her house address. While looking for her, they continue arguing about their relationship and after finding her and bringing her back home to her husband, Adi finally proposes to Tara and they decide to get married. Post marriage, both of them continue to accomplish their own dreams, one in Paris, another in the United States, keeping in touch and waiting for the day they can be together again.