Anak Halal

The film starts about Hisham (Rosyam Nor) who is a criminal being hunted by the police for criminal offenses. In a frenzy to save himself and his son's life, she looks to be a mentally ill woman named Mariam (Mislina Mustaffa) lived in the hallway and then handed the baby to her. Hisham finally arrested by the police after a shootout. She ended up raising the child and named Inderaputera. They live in slums, neighboring Bu Leha and his daughter, Johanna (Maya Karin) (Jo), a tomboy girl, who secretly loves Putra. However, Putera has been happyness with her mother ended when they were separated by the authorities.
Putra was bred by Bu Leha (Kartina Aziz) who took Putra and Jo moved to Kuala Lumpur in the hope their lives will be better. They grew up as the homeless youth. Putra worked in a garage. Meanwhile, Jo and her mother selling fruits at Chow Kit Market for food.
Meanwhile, Erzan (Ady Putra) and Milya (Raja Farah) also were among the close friends of Putra and Jo. They earn a living by hawking burgers. Together Danial (Bront Palarae) and Shah (Remy), those with painful bitterness of life in this city.
Amira Atikah (Fasha Sandha), a teenage girl who had problems with drugs, is present in their lives. Her presence gave a new color for the prince, who first wanted to know what the meaning of love was. Erzan situation of uncertainty when the family had to bear the burden of debt from Tajul (Zul Huzaimy). He often interrupted by assistant Tajul that Jeff (Fauzi Nawawi) and Lut (Fizz Fairuz). Action Erzan who had drug trafficking to settle family debts by Tajul. This makes the Putera outraged by the actions Erzan. The situation became alarmed when Tajul get to know the things that were taken by Ijam (Jehan Miskin) to be distributed have been taken. Tajul hunts down to Ijam and Erzan and kill Ijam on his offense. Tajul ask Erzan provide all the drugs available to it.
On a day when Erzan want return drugs, but he was shot dead by Jeff and Lut. Putra with Shah pursued them but unsuccessful when they have their firearms. Drastic measures taken by the Putera after the death of Amira Atikah consequences of drug abuse. He decided to hunt Tajul and his friends for revenge after cause his friends dead. As a result, Jeff was stabbed to death by Milya and Putera attacked them until he went to Tajul's residence. Hisham, who was released from prison and still continue in the dark, told Tajul spend what he has started. Tajul managed to caught Putera but was shot dead by Johanna. After finding the adventurer who led his life chaos, he finally meet with his father, Hisham and his adoptive mother, Mariam. The meeting was finally brought tragedy when Putera shots his own father. They were running away after Lut bring more people to hunt Putera with friends. Putera, Mariam and his friends escape and finally they were imprisoned by the police.