Bade Miyan Chote Miyan

This movie is 'inspired' from the 1995 action-comedy Hollywood film Bad Boys' directed by Michael Bay
Two friends, Arjun Singh (Amitabh Bachchan) and Pyare Mohan (Govinda), are police inspectors. Arjun's sister Seema (Raveena Tandon) is in love with Pyare. Arjun has no female companion and some petty comments are made about his age.
The Zorawar (Paresh Rawal) runs a business smuggling arms and diamonds, under a cover of being a statue maker. Once, in a hotel, he discovers that he is being spied upon and along with the cop spying on him, he gets rid of an eyewitness, played by Divya Dutta.
Neha (Ramya Krishnan), a friend of the eyewitness, witness her friend murder. Scared, and with the gangsters after her, she calls the police station and asks for Pyare, but since he is not there, Arjun is asked to go to her, and masquerade as Pyare, who had been described as a very good person to Neha by her dead friend. In a considerable amount of confusion, he takes her to Pyare's house and even ges to the extent of asking Pyare to masquerade as Arjun Singh.
Two petty thieves, Bade Miyan and Chote Miyan, a look-alike of Arjun and Pyare arrive in town. Confusion ensue when every crime the crooks commit are blamed on the two inspectors. Things goes further downhill when Shyamlal (Anupam Kher), the police commissioner, is also thrashed by the doubles. Arjun and Pyare are blamed for stealing a diamond from a bank and messing up security operation of Madhuri Dixit (herself). Even Seema and Neha mistake Bade and Chote for Arjun and Pyare.
Arjun and Pyare further land in trouble when Zorawar kidnaps Seema and asks for the diamond and Neha in return. Arjun and Pyare, who have been arrested, are saved by the arrival of Bade Miyan and Chote Miyan, who confuse their acts of theft and conning, and promise to get Neha and Seema back. Bade Miyan and Chote Miyan arrive at Zorawar hideout and stall them while Arjun and Pyare arrive with police force and everyone at the hideout is arrested. The crooks leave after apologising to Neha and Seema for the confusion.
However, some of Zorawar's men, hijack the police van which is taking Zorawar and his associates to jail. They are stopped on the way by Bade and Chote, asking for a lift. The latter realise who really are in the van and proceed to badly thrash Zorawar and his men and return him to jail. Arjun and Pyare are criticised for their mistake regarding the hijacking of the van and the two crooks are given a job in the police force by the commissioner himself. The film ends with Arjun and Pyare ending up being demoted to the post of traffic police officers and Bade and Chote Miyan taking their place as police inspectors.[4]