Resistance

After all the women in a remote valley on the Welsh border awaken to find their husbands have left to serve in the covert British Resistance, German occupiers arrive in this alternative reality thriller set in 1944 where D-Day has failed and the United Kingdom has been invaded by Nazi Germany. Facing a harsh winter, the women and soldiers find they must co-operate with one another to survive. Each distrusts the other. The women want to remain loyal to their absent husbands and the soldiers are after all at war and the women are their enemy. Over time the soldiers stop wearing their uniforms. The Germans help with farm chores or may leave a couple of shot rabbits on a porch. The Germans think the war may be over soon and why not spend the winter away from war.
Captain Albrecht becomes close to Sarah. To prove he can be trusted, he takes her to a cave where a priceless Medieval world map has been hidden from the Germans. He studied Medieval history and even he does not want the SS or Himmler to get it. Another much more elderly wife named Maggie has become friends with Bernhardt.
Spring has arrived and Sarah convinces Albrecht to let Maggie take her prized cob horse to the county fair and Bernhardt accompanies her. The women wanted to know if there was any news of their husbands. A friend of Maggie tells her that the group of men that blew up the railroad bridge had all been hanged by the Nazis. Maggie returns to the valley with a third place win but very changed with the knowledge that the husbands were dead. Young teen George sees Maggie's fair trip as collaboration with the enemy and shoots her horse in punishment. The loss of her husband and horse is enough to kill Maggie.
Soldier Steiner distrusts the valley women and he runs off to town with the Army radio. Albrecht is in love with Sarah and asks her to escape off with him before the Gestapo come. She agrees but actually goes home and writes her date of death in the family bible. She then makes sure to burn the priceless map to keep it from the Germans. She was always loyal to her husband and country. She walks off into the mountains to escape and the movie ends.