The Queen

The 1997 general election has Tony Blair elected as the Prime Minister from the Labour Party on a manifesto of reform and modernisation. Less than four months later, Diana, Princess of Wales is killed in a car crash at the Alma Bridge tunnel in Paris.
Immediately, her death presents problems for her ex-husband, Prince Charles, and Blair, to accord the mother of a future king that is no longer a member of the royal family. Queen Elizabeth II wonders if Blair will turn his modernisation pledge on to the royal family since he attempts to have her reconsider her views on the funeral plans. Diana's family, the Spencers, called for the funeral to be private.
In the press, Diana is dubbed the "People's Princess"; this begins an outpouring of grief by the general public in broadcasts, and displays of floral tributes so numerous at Buckingham and Kensington Palaces that the main entrances onto the complexes have to be rerouted. The senior members of the royal family make no effort to acknowledge Diana's significance to society and remain on holiday at Balmoral. The royal family's popularity plummets, while Blair's approval rises as he responds to the public outcry of inaction by the royal family.
Blair's attempts to guide the royal family through the controversy are met with resistance, the Queen describing them as a surrender to public hysteria. He is encouraged by the private secretaries of the Prince of Wales and the Queen, albeit through veiled advice, to continue with his attempts to change the attitude of the royal family. The Queen comes to realise that the world has changed during her reign, and Blair begins to understand that Diana had rejected everything the Queen still holds most dear.
The Queen decides to end discussion about the issue. The royal family returns to London to review the floral tributes to Diana. The Queen pays public tribute on live television to Diana's significance to the nation and society. The royal family attend the public funeral for Diana at Westminster Abbey.
At Blair's next meeting with the Queen, they exchange views about what has happened since their last meeting including the controversy surrounding Diana's death and the actions that are followed. Then she cautions the Prime Minister that, just as public opinion has changed about how the royal family should react to a new Britain, so must he as he may very well find himself in the same position of changing public opinion.