Vasuvum Saravananum Onna Padichavanga

Vasu (Santhanam) and Saravanan (Arya) are best friends. When Vasu's marriage was going to be fixed with Seema (Bhanu) Saravanan wants to first interview Seema to see if she is a suitable bride for Vasu. A series of comedic incidents happens during the interview and during the marriage of Vasu and Seema, which angers and embarrasses Seema. To make matters worse Saravanan plays a prank during Vasu's marriage night which makes Vasu end up in hospital with a broken disc.
An angry Seema wants Vasu to break his friendship with Saravanan and declares nothing between them until then. Vasu does not want to break his friendship with Saravanan directly as to not hurt Saravanan's feelings. He gets the help of his friend, Gautham (Karunakaran) who tells him to get Saravanan married. Vasu helps Saravanan to get a girlfriend in the hopes that the girlfriend will be a reason to end the friendship. Saravanan and Vasu go to Happy Marriage.com where Saravanan falls for Aishwarya Balakrishnan (Tamanna Bhatia) who works there.
Aishwarya, who initially dislikes Saravanan, eventually agrees to his love. As Saravanan had interviewed Seema before she married Vasu, Vasu interviews Aishwarya at a cafe. A fight breaks out between Aishwarya and Vasu, forcing Saravanan to choose between the two. Saravanan chooses Aishwarya and breaks his friendship with Vasu. Vasu later exits the cafe dramatically but secretly enjoys outside by dancing.
Vasu reunites with Seema but minutes later, Saravanan appears revealing that he was only lying in front of Aishwarya that he had broken their friendship. Seema feels cheated as Vasu had promised Seema upon their future child that their friendship was cut. Seema is furious and leaves to her mother's place. Vasu gets irritated and he tells Saravanan to leave and never show his face again.
That night, Gautham tells Vasu that Saravanan had broken up with Aishwarya for him. Vasu immediately rushes to see him and they reunite. They decide to start a club of men who have been cheated by their wives or girlfriends. This turns out to be successful. They are also supported by Akila Chechi (Shakeela), leader of Akila Indian Men Security Club. Then Assistant Commissioner Vetri Vel (Vishal) arrives and tells the trio to join up with their wives by lying that they have their friendship cut.