Trailer Park Boys: Countdown to Liquor Day

It has been 2 years since the events of the episode "Say Goodnight to the Bad Guys", and Ricky (Robb Wells), Julian (John Paul Tremblay) and Bubbles (Mike Smith) are finally released from prison. Upon returning to Sunnyvale Trailer Park, Bubbles finds that all of his kittens have been sent to an animal shelter and that he will need to pay thousands of dollars in order to have them released; secondly, Ricky and Julian successfully rob a liquor store, but Julian uses all the money to buy a car and refurbish his trailer into an auto-body shop. Ricky's plan is to pass his Grade 12 exam, which he feels will open doors of opportunity for him.
Jim Lahey (John Dunsworth) is sober and has opened up a posh new trailer park while attempting to demolish Sunnyvale. His only problem is that his new sewer line will have to run through Julian's lot; he tries to convince Julian to move. One sip of beer causes him to revert to heavy drinking. After Randy (Patrick Roach) leaves him and moves out of their trailer and on to Julian's deck, Lahey goes on a liquor-fueled rampage. Meanwhile, the boys experience failure: Julian's auto-body business is failing, Ricky fails his Grade 12 exam, and Bubbles' kittens remain in the animal shelter after a failed attempt to rescue them which results in Tyrone's (Tyrone Parsons) arrest.
Bubbles is told that the kittens will be put down soon unless he can raise the money to have them released. Lahey, drunk again, destroys Ricky's new cannabis growing operation and also demolishes Julian's trailer in an attempt to get Julian to move. However, Lahey's plan backfires as Julian has insured his trailer for $28,000. With nothing left to live for and his dream of operating his new posh trailer park ruined by Julian's refusal to move, Lahey loses his sanity.
The boys decide to rob a bank disguised as security guards making an armored-car transport as a last resort while Julian waits for the insurance check to save Bubbles' kittens. They succeed in obtaining the money from the vault but they are foiled by Lahey showing up at the last minute. Lahey threatens to commit suicide by threatening to jump off the roof of the bank. After Julian prevents this, the real security guards show up. Ricky, Julian, and Bubbles are arrested and sent back to prison after a car chase with the police and security guards, including Sam Losco, Cyrus, Dennis, Terry, Jacob and Phil Collins, Officer George Green, Detective Ted Johnson and Randy. They receive a short two-week sentence due to their arresting officer being drunk but request not to be filmed anymore. Bubbles' kittens are saved through a therapy animal program at the prison where the cats are released and spend time with the inmates. Bubbles secures a date with the animal control worker who saved his kittens, and the boys presumably return to Sunnyvale, with Julian building a new trailer with the insurance money.
Meanwhile, Lahey is drunk in Cuba, having absconded with the stolen money. Even though he is now rich, he is shown to still be miserable, because he has nobody with whom to share his wealth. J-Roc (Jonathan Torrens) is also shown to have finally reached his goal of becoming a famous rapper, as he has a released new record, and is on stage in front of a large, enthusiastic crowd.