City of Tiny Lights

Tommy Akhtar, the son of immigrants, works as a snoop in London. Melody Chase visits him to ask him to look for her missing roommate Natasha, a Russian prostitute. Tommy steals a keycard from the cleaning staff and sneaks into the hotel room where she met her last client but only finds the dead body of Usman Rana, a Pakistani businessman. Tommy takes the dead man's mobile phone as evidence, calls the police with an anonymous tip about the murder from a payphone at a bar, and has the phone's PIN cracked by a Avid, young weed dealer whose mother wants Tommy to help him get out of trouble. Two of the last calls made from the phone were to Hafiz "Lovely" Ansari, a childhood friend of Tommy's, to discuss an investment. Tommy visits him at his home and Lovely asks him to investigate the matter because the murder is scaring away other investors.
Tommy learns from a police contact that by the time the police arrived the room had been cleaned and the hotel was crawling with SO15. The SIM card in the phone is decrypted and found to contain a spreadsheet documenting large donations to the Islamic Youth League. Tommy visits the organisation and is photographed doing so by the SO15. The leader of the organisation indicates that Usman's death was the will of Allah as punishment for the false idols and lustful desires of Western society. After leaving, Tommy is approached by an American federal agent in a bar who tells him that he knows that Tommy was at the hotel and that he called in the anonymous tip and warns Tommy to stay away from the investigation. Tommy speaks with Tunde, one of the men working at Natasha's club the night she was last seen, and learns that Melody was with one of her regular clients there the night of the murder. As he leaves he is assaulted by two strangers who scream that the case is closed before fleeing.
Tommy begins sending Avid to the Islamic Youth League to gather information. Tommy is abducted in a black van and taken to speak with the federal agent, who shows him a video of Usman calling for jihad and takes him to a crime scene to show him the freshly discovered body of Natasha. Tommy returns to Melody and confronts her. She says that she is being followed and confesses that the customer with her the night of the murder was Hafiz. As they are leaving, a stranger shoots at them from the elevator. They escape to Tommy's father's house, where Tommy looks at the spreadsheet and discovers large profits being made from property acquisitions at low prices. The next day Mullah Al-Dabaran, the leader of the Islamic Youth League, is arrested. His followers protest in demonstrations demanding his release, where Hafiz attempts to calm them. Tommy warns Hafiz that the people from the night of the murder are being killed. When Avid is attacked by American federal agents and put into a coma, Avid's mother blames Tommy for getting him involved.
Tommy returns home, where he finds Hafiz and another man holding Melody prisoner at gunpoint. Hafiz confesses to using drug dealers to bring property prices down then allowing the Islamic Youth League to run off the drug dealers to enable him to buy the properties at a low price. Tommy's father returns and shoots the man with the gun but Tommy convinces him to hand over the gun rather than shoot Hafiz as well. Hafiz is then arrested.
In the closing scene, Tommy returns home to eat with his father, Melody, Avid, Shelley and Emma.