Stree Janma

A.R college founder Susheela Devi (Anjali Devi) has two younger brothers, Shekar (N. T. Rama Rao) an industrialist and Kishore (Krishna) studying in college. Kalyani (Krishna Kumari) the bright student of the college daughter of a middle-class man Parandhamaiah (Chittoor V. Nagaiah). Once Shekar goes to his close friend marriage to which Kalyani also attends as a bride’s friend. Nalini (Rajasri) a prostitute gives a dance performance in that marriage. Shekar is attracted towards her and in a drunken state, Shekar molests Kalyani thinking her as Nalini. Afterwards Shekar and repents a lot about his misbehavior and saves sorry to Nalini and she understands Shekar is in mistake & distress, so to protect him she lies and accepts his sorry.
Unfortunately, Kalyani becomes pregnant and tries to comment suicide but her father rescues her, takes a promise from his son Anand (Prabhakar Reddy) to take care of Kalyani and dies. Kalyani delivers a baby in a remote place and Anand leaves the baby in a temple and takes away his sister. Susheela Devi finds the baby, takes him with her and adopts him. Susheela fixes Shekar’s wedding with Kalyani, who agrees after persuasion by his brother. Kalyani recognizes the baby as her own and recalls the truth to Susheela, as a good-hearted, she says forget everything and let live happily with Shekar but Kalyani’s mind will not agree and Shekar gets irritated day by day with the Kalyani’s behavior.
Meanwhile, Shekar brother Kishore is in love with Vijaya (L. Vijayalakshmi), daughter of college principle Parabrahmam (Raavi Kondala Rao). Madhu Murthy (Kantha Rao) college lecturer and close friend of Shekar takes this to Parabrahmam. In that anger, he attributes illicit relation between Madhu & Susheela and writes a letter to Shekar. The frustrated Shekar scolds everyone and says that his sister is a slut. Listening to this Susheela tries to commit suicide but Madhu Murthy rescues her and admits to hospital. Kalyani could not tolerate this so she reveals the truth the baby is her own and goes to the hospital. Furious Shekar follows her taking the gun, Kishore obstructs him, at the same time Nalini also reaches there and reveals everything. At last Susheela dies, uniting Shekar, Susheela & baby.