Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation

In 1996, four Texan teenagers: Jenny, Sean, Heather, and Barry, attend their Senior Prom. Jenny and Sean take some photos, before they head back to Barry's car to smoke marijuana. Heather storms out of the dance after having discovered Barry cheating on her with another girl. She attempts to drive away in his car with Jenny and Sean, but Barry catches up to them and they leave the dance. The group argue over Barry's recent behavior, such as cheating on Heather and abandoning his friendship with Sean for more popular friends. Heather takes a detour off the highway, which takes them into a remote wooded area where they get into an accident with another vehicle. While the four teens are fine, the other motorist passes out in the ensuing confusion.
Jenny decides to search for help, with Barry and Heather accompanying her, while Sean stays behind to watch over the unconscious motorist. Jenny, Heather, and Barry eventually come to a rural real estate office, occupied by a trashy woman named Darla, who calls her tow trucker boyfriend Vilmer to the sight of the wreck. The three leave the office and begin to make their way back to the sight of the accident, but become separated in the process.
Meanwhile, Vilmer shows up to the sight of the wreck and murders the motorist by breaking his neck, before chasing Sean in his truck. Heather and Barry come to a derelict house in the woods and the couple are confronted by W.E. and Leatherface. W.E. holds Barry at gunpoint, while Heather is attacked on the front porch by Leatherface, who chases her inside the house, before stuffing her in a meat locker. Barry locks W.E. out of the house and goes to use the restroom, but discovers human remains and is bludgeoned to death by Leatherface with a sledgehammer. Heather is then impaled on a meat hook by Leatherface.
Jenny, now on her own, makes her way back to the wreck, where she is picked up by Vilmer. He taunts her, before forcing her to look at the corpses of Sean and the injured motorist. Jenny leaps out of the truck and runs for the woods, where Leatherface attacks her with a chainsaw. A chase ensues, and Jenny runs towards the farmhouse, where she locks Leatherface outside. She takes shelter upstairs and discovers the preserved corpse of a Texas Ranger. Jenny takes his pistol and goes to confront Leatherface, who has forced his way into the house. She fires the pistol, frightening Leatherface, who subsequently chases her upstairs. Jenny jumps out of a window and onto the roof to escape him. She climbs up a television antenna, before leaping onto a clothesline to escape, but Leatherface snaps the cord, sending Jenny plummeting through the roof of the Sawyers' greenhouse.
Leatherface chases Jenny through the woods back to Darla's office, where she seeks refuge. However, W.E. arrives and beats Jenny with an electric cattle prod, before tying her up and putting her in Darla's trunk. Darla goes to pick up some pizzas for dinner, before returning to the house, where Jenny and Heather, who is barely still alive, are tortured by the family.
Eventually, Vilmer knocks Jenny unconscious when she attempts to escape in Darla's car. She later awakens at a dinner table redressed in a skimpy evening gown, surrounded by the Sawyer family, including their supercentenarian grandfather and a transvestite Leatherface. Vilmer reveals that Leatherface plans to use Jenny's face to make a new mask of human flesh. She attempts to leave, but is stopped by Vilmer, who lights Heather on fire, before a mysterious man named Rothman arrives. He angrily berates Vilmer for keeping Jenny alive for so long; as Leatherface restrains Jenny, Rothman reveals an array of scarring and piercings and licks her face. Rothman leaves, and Vilmer crushes Heather's skull with his cybernetic leg, killing her. Vilmer begins to sob and mutilate himself, and the whole family erupts into chaos. Jenny takes the opportunity to escape again, but Vilmer captures and restrains her, while Leatherface attempts to decapitate her with his chainsaw.
Jenny grabs the remote which controls Vilmer's leg brace, distracting him long enough for her to escape the house. Vilmer orders Leatherface to chase after Jenny, who makes it to the road. She attempts to flag down an elderly couple in an RV, while Leatherface appears and attacks again. The elderly couple pull Jenny into the RV, but Vilmer appears in his truck with Leatherface, and they run the RV off the road, causing a turn over. Jenny emerges from the wrecked RV unharmed, and Vilmer and Leatherface chase after her. An airplane swoops down overhead with one of the wheels slicing Vilmer's skull, killing him. Jenny watches as Leatherface screams in agony over Vilmer's death.
A limousine appears to help Jenny and she quickly jumps in the backseat. She discovers Rothman inside and attempts to exit the car, but he assures her that he does not plan to do her any harm, stating that the whole ordeal was meant to be a spiritual experience which went horribly awry. Sometime later, Jenny is left at a hospital, where she is questioned by a police officer. She becomes distracted by the sight of a catatonic patient being wheeled by on a gurney. The film ends as Leatherface dances wildly in the road with his chainsaw in grief and frustration over Vilmer's death.