Judwaa

Jayantilal "Ratan" (Deepak Shirke) is a dacoit. Inspector SP Malhotra (Dalip Tahil) arrests him. Ratan wounds himself and is taken to hospital, where Malhotra is waiting for his wife Geeta (Reema Lagoo), who is in labour. She gives birth to twins and the doctor explains that both babies have a reflection mentality, which means that "what happens with one baby might be felt and reflected by another" depending on the proximity between them. Ratan escapes and takes one of the twins with him, injuring Geeta. Malhotra goes behind him, but unable to find his son, shoots escaping Ratan to stop him. The kid grows up as Raja (Salman Khan) and finds a girl child, who he adopts as his sister. He finds another orphan, Rangeela (Shakti Kapoor) and becomes his friend. They both together take care of the girl and become thieves. On the other hand, Geeta goes into depression and gets paralysed. Malhotra takes her to US for her treatment, where the other twin Prem (also Salman Khan) is brought up. He comes to India as a rock star for a show. He is received by Kader Khan (Malhotra's friend) who wishes to marry his daughter Mala (Karisma Kapoor) to him. But Mala is in love with Raja. At the airport, Prem finds Rupa (Rambha), daughter of Sundari Batwani (Bindu), the organizer of his public shows. Prem falls in love with Roopa. Tony (Jack Gaud), Sundari's nephew also wishes to marry Roopa. Meanwhile, Mala misunderstands Prem for Raja and starts flirting with him. One day, in a restaurant, both Twins see each other and find out that they are identical, which leads to hilarious misunderstandings.
Meanwhile, Raja's sister Krishna (Sheetal Joshi) sees local goon Ratanlal Tiger (Mukesh Rishi) (son of Ratan), killing an Inspector on the road and becomes a key witness of the murder in court. Enraged Tiger molests her and Raja fights with him to save his sister. Tiger, again to get his revenge from Raja, sends his henchman named Tommy (Shashi Kiran) as the groom of Krishna, but Raja finds out his plan and marries his sister to somebody else. The court announces the death sentence to Tiger for the murder of Inspector he shot earlier. Days passes, Krishna becomes pregnant and she is admitted in a hospital for her delivery. Raja asks Prem to stay at the hospital as he is going in search of money, Prem visits his father Malhotra. At the same time, Tiger escapes from jail to kidnap Krishna and recognises Malhotra, who shot his father Ratan and finds out that Raja is his son. He blackmails Raja to get him Malhotra to free Krishna. Raja who doesn't know that Malhotra is his father, goes to his house where Geeta also comes out from the paralysis by Raja's touch and he comes to know the truth that they are his parents. Finally, Raja and Prem come together to protect their father from Tiger and the story ends with the duo marrying their respective ladies.