YZ

The title is not just a slang word but a hip new attitude, importantly a fresh perspective on life. A coming-of-age comedy about a 33-year-old who is trapped between the identity of a boy and a man. YZ tells the story of Gajanan, who ends up in Pune, and how his friendship with an 18-year-old called Battees, opens him up to a new world around him. When the most under confident person in the world meets the most confident one, a series of maddening events is bound to happen. YZ is an incredible journey of friendship, innocence, happiness, love, true spice of life and the beauty within. YZ is all about discovering our own real, mad and bold YZ version. So, break free and be YZ![6]
Gajanan Kulkarni(Sagar Deshmukh) a 33-year old history professor from Wai, Maharashtra who is still a virgin and very shy in talking with girls who is due to get married, eventually ends up in Pune for a temporary lecturer in University, Where he befriends 18-Year old student nicknamed Battees(Akshay Tanksale) who is very famous in college for his confident attitude. He opens him up to a new world around him. While staying with his aunt in Pune, She arranges a marriage proposal for him with a girl Parnarekha(Sai Tamhankar), Both get involved into each other but soon Gajanan realizes that she is not of his type as she is very devotional and more boring than him. They both breakup. Meanwhile, he meets Antara(Parna Pethe) who is a best friend of Gaja's cousin sister Aarti. Antara requests Gaja to teach him Sanskrit Language as per her college syllabus. Antara falls for Gajas innocence and proposes him, Awestruck Gaja doesn't know what to do as he has never experienced such feelings for him before from anyone else. Still confused about Antara, he tries to sort this out. Meanwhile, while visiting Battees place he meets his childhood friend and love Sayali(Mukta Barve) who is a single mother and is currently with one of her friend after divorce. Gaja confesses about his feeling which he had/have for her. Sayali now confused doesn't know what to do. Sayali gives him an old box containing a bucket list of things which Gaja had written when he was a child, realizing that he has done nothing till date from the list. Parnarekha who has now changed after guidance by Battees, meets Gaja at his college on his last day. He bids farewell to Battees, Arranges Sayalis marriage with her friend. Tells Parnarekha that he needs to leave. Tells Antara that she is very important to him but he cannot go ahead with their relationship. Now a changed man Gajanan sits in the cab for airport concluding that he is going to finish his bucket list.