Timepass 2

The story takes place after 15 years with grown up Dagadu (Priyadarshan Jadhav) and Praju (Priya Bapat). Young Dagadu (Prathamesh Parab) is a successful music company owner. Who has settled up himself, fulfilling his and his father's dream. Dagadu's Friend Bal Bharati is a successful astrologist, Kombda is now a DJ working with Dagadu's music company and Malaria has become a politician. The movie begins with a scene in which Dagadu donates an ambulance for the people in his area, reflecting his caring attitude. After the event, Dagadu's sister suggests him to marry, showing him photos of some girls, as a result, dagdu hesitates as he is still searching the love of his life. He gets to know that Prajakta (Priya Bapat) is in Kudal, Konkan.
Soon, you find Prajakta moving to Mumbai to pursue her dreams and does something big in the city of dreams, however, in her hearts, she still loves Dagadu and waiting for her love to bring her back in his life. On the other hand, Dagadu is still single and waiting for Prajakata who is his childhood love. So big question here, whether the childhood love he had was a timepass or something really serious, which is ironically being answered without ambiguity. However, what goes strange is when Dagadu is seen walking in a new avatar suited booted like an educated guy to impress and win over Shakal. Meanwhile, Praju who seems to have done big in the city of Mumbai seems to be an item girl called Urvashi. The educated girl treading this rot path is answered much later. Soon, you find Urvashi returning to Praju meeting Dagadu and soon everything the two turns better reviving the lost love between the two.
In the later events, Prajakta's father, Shakal wants an educated, qualified guy, unlike Dagadu to marry his daughter. So Dagadu pretends that he is a Researcher working at Bhabha Atomic Research Center. Now, Shakal is impressed. He decides to marry him with his daughter, not knowing that he actually is Dagadu. Now, as Prajakta lives in Mumbai he immediately goes to Mumbai, in the same Jeep, in which Dagadu comes. Shakal searches for her, in the apartment, finding that his daughter has changed her name to Urvashi. Now, her friend tells Shakal that she has gone for a shoot. Hence, Shakal goes to the location of shoot, finding that his daughter is dancing for an Item Dance Video in too short clothes. After watching the dance, he is broken completely. He runs to slap her, but Dagadu, stops him, asking him to cool down, but when Shakal loses his temper, he goes and slaps her and brings her outside the hall. Prajakta, annoyingly tells him that this is not like her. But Shakal is completely broken. Also Dagadu is gone too. Now, Shakal returns to Kudal. Dagadu, doubting his love, if it was just waste of time (Timepass), asks his friends for advice. Then, Kombda advises him to let go Prajakta, but the teen Dagadu in his mind reminds him of their true love, then dagadu decides to marry no one except Prajakta.