Au Pair Girls

The film opens with four girls arriving at London Heathrow Airport. They are taken to the offices of Overseas Employment Agency which has arranged placements for them. The film then plays out the adventures of each of the four girls.
Anita Sector (Frank) is assigned to Mr and Mrs Anderson. She doesn’t prove popular with Mr Anderson as she manages to flood the house when she takes a shower and then disappears on a date with Malcolm (Briggs), a man who preyed on her at the airport. They visit a casino where Anita meets Sheik El Abab (Mayne) and disappears with him after Malcolm loses money at the roulette table. When she is taken to the Sheik’s London home she spends time with his concubines and discovers that he is very wealthy and a philanthropist in his own country. When the Sheik tries to get amorous with Anita she discovers that the time she must have returned to the Anderson’s house has passed. They return to the Anderson's house to find her suitcases on the doorstep.
Randi Lindstrom (Drake) is assigned to the Wainwright family and is collected by their son Stephen (O'Sullivan) who is intent on sleeping with her. Stephen is sexually frustrated and hallucinates that beautiful women are naked. Through a series of mishaps they end up sleeping in the car in the office car park and are discovered sleeping naked by Stephen’s father (Le Mesurier) the following morning.
Nan Lee (Lay) is assigned to the Tryke family where she is a playmate for their son Rupert (Barnes) who is being groomed as a concert pianist. Rupert’s exposure to the outside world has been limited to trips out in the car and he is immature for his age due to a lack of appropriate interaction with people of his own age. Nan agrees to play along with Rupert's desire to play children's games in the garden and continues after dinner. Later Nan reflects on Rupert's immaturity but has enjoyed the time she has spent with him. She seduces him and quietly leaves the following morning.
Christina Geisler (Wait) is from Germany and is assigned to the Fairfax family. Their daughter Carol (Yeldham) decides to take her along to see popstar Ricky Strange after she learns that Christine is a virgin. They go shopping to buy a new more revealing outfit to enable Christina to look more arousing for Ricky. Ricky and Christina sleep together after they meet following his performance but it was a trick to enable Carol to sleep with Ricky. After Christina realises that she has been used she confides in Carol's boyfriend Buster (Standing) who despite his boorish persona is very understanding. In the morning she tells Carol she is leaving and is terminating her employment with the Fairfax's as an au-pair.
All the girls end up back at the employment agency office, but, when Anita returns, she asks the other girls if they wish to join her as one of the Sheik's concubines, and they all follow her out and get into his car.