Elephant Song

Toby Green (Bruce Greenwood), an independent psychiatrist who is gradually drawn into a psychological mind game by Michael (played by Xavier Dolan), whom he is interviewing about the disappearance of Green's colleague Dr. Lawrence (Colm Feore).[1] Michael, a disturbed young man, the son of an opera singer and a distant father he has only seen once, has an aura of charm about himself and displays signs of rationality and intelligence that draws the doctor deeper into the plot despite warnings by nurse Susan Peterson (Catherine Keener) to keep a distance from the patient.
Dr. Green is assigned to investigate Michael's involvement as Michael draws the doctor into his plot by convincing him not to read his files, but rather form his own opinion based on what Michael has to offer in explanations. Michael continues revealing his troubled experiences with parents. The elephant connection is from his sole meeting with his father in a nature reserve, when the father kills an elephant in front of his son. The incident traumatizes the very young Michael, as does his mother's cold attitude and her distancing herself from him for a singing career. Michael claimed he "killed his mother" by refusing to call an ambulance for her and instead sang to her the "elephant song" until she died on the floor.
Michael discusses the circumstances of his forced stay in the hospital, hinting at improper doctor-patient relationships involving him and his supervising doctor, and a bizarre love-hate relationship with the head nurse Susan Peterson. Michael's ploys also include an attempt to negotiate his early release from hospital in return to divulging the circumstances of Dr. Lawrence's disappearance. Dr. Lawrence surfaces alive after the note he left is delivered to Dr. Green, and Michael convinces the investigating doctor to hand him a box of chocolates as reward. Strongly allergic to the nuts in the chocolates, Michael dies in the hands of the doctor and the head nurse after eating several. Adrenaline shots and resuscitation attempts fail to save Michael's life.