Dr. Anand

Dr.Anand (N. T. Rama Rao) is a renowned and well-respected person in the society. Everybody feels that he can cure any type of disease. He leads a happy family life with his wife Madhavi (Anjali Devi) and two kids. Unfortunately, Madhavi suffers from cancer but Anand does not lose heart, with his talent protects her health and tries to engage himself with hospital & patients. Madhavi feels bad about this and always asks him to remarry but he never agrees for it. Once Anand visits a program of a popular dancer Vijaya (Kanchana), during the performance she fractures her leg and Anand brings her to the hospital. Vijaya is emotionally imbalanced and suffers from panic attacks. Anand gives her moral support and boosts her willpower. She requests Anand to stay with her, he does so and he gets emotionally linked to her. The hospital staff & other people suspect their relation and rumours spread. So, Anand sends Vijaya away, Vijaya leaves Hyderabad for Madras.Anand gets mentally disturbed and leaves for Madras. On the way, he gives a lift to a heart patient (again N. T. Rama Rao) who resembles him. The person dies on the way. Anand exchanges his clothes to him leaves him along with the car, everybody thinks that Dr.Anand died. Anand reaches Vijaya they live happily for some time. After that Vijaya comes to know about Anand cheating and asks Anand to leave her. Depressed Anand meets with an accident and his face is totally spoiled. After recovery, he comes to know that his hospital was expanded by his staff and they installed his statue. He reaches there but no one recognizes him and goes to his house where he sees Madhavi's health is going worst day by day. He introduces himself as Anand's friend starts treating Madhavi & taking care of children. Meanwhile, news comes out that he is only the person who killed Dr Anand, he is arrested and convicted in the court. At last, Vijaya arrives and proves that he is Dr.Anand. Finally, she reunites Anand with his family and dedicates her life to an orphanage in the name of Dr.Anand.