Athanokkade

The opening scene shows Anjali (Sindhu Tolani) sitting on a bench feeding a white pigeon by a calm ocean, and a retd. DGP police officer Shankar (Ahuti Prasad) coming and sitting by her side and exchanging pleasantries, and suddenly she whips out a knife and kills him with the help of her maternal uncle Ramachandran (Surya), saying that she has been waiting for this moment for many years.
After that, the scene shifts to Ram (Nandamuri Kalyan Ram) who lives with his loving parents (Chandra Mohan and Rajya Lakshmi) and sister in New Delhi. He takes up a course in a Hyderabad college against his parents' wishes. Unable to be separated from Ram, his parents and their daughter come to Hyderabad along with him.
It is revealed that Anjali is studying in the same college as Ram, and she has her own agenda to seek revenge on her family's killers, assisted by Ramachandran. Now the villain Anna (Ashish Vidyarthi), a local gangster enters and is shown to have a dispute with another person Pattabhai (Rami Reddy). To exact their revenge Anjali's uncle attempts to kill one of Anna's aide Abdullah (Raghu Babu) but fails to do so since Ram kills him. Naturally Anna assumes that the killer can be none other than Pattabhi and so kills him. However Ram arrives on the scene and with help from Gulab Singh (Venu Madhav), threatens Anna telling that he was the one who killed Abdullah and that he will also kill Sada (G. V. Sudhakar Naidu), Anna's second main aide. As typical, Sada gets angry, and goes to kill Ram but fails, and Ram kills Abdullah while his parents are watching with horror. On being questioned, Ram tells his story.
Ram's biological father (Prakash Raj) was an honest cop who arrested one of the henchmen of Anna. It is revealed that Anjali and Ram are from the same family, as Anjali's father is Ram's father's brother-in-law. Anna pays Ram's house a visit and asks his grandfather (Chalapati Rao) to let his henchmen go. When Ram's grandfather refuses, Anna threatens them only to find knives held at him by Ram and his cousins. Ram's father arrives and arrests Anna. Infuriated, he pays them a visit with some of his henchmen and Shankar, the then DCP. Together, they murder their whole extended family. Only Anjali, her uncle Ramachandran and Ram survived the blast that annihilated their family. After the house is blown up by Anna, Ram escapes and is taken in by his foster (Chandra Mohan & Rajya Lakshmi) parents. Meanwhile, Anjali feels that one of her family members is still alive, as someone keeps a flower on the Buddha statue of their former house, which is now the city library. It turns out to be none other than Ram.
On finding out his past, Ram's foster parents request him to come back, but he refuses. He then takes them to the railway station, but is nearly ambushed. He succeeds on defeating them and meets Anna, warning him to bring his brother Ajay from Dubai. Soon, he arrives and kills Ramachandran in revenge before challenging Ram to meet him at his brother's place. Ram comes, and after finding out that Anna had Anjali kidnapped, escapes after killing Ajay. In a thrilling climax, Ram kills Anna, and is shown to be leaving with Anjali, the only one left in his family.