I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore

Nursing assistant Ruth returns home from a bad day at work when she realizes she has been burgled. She reports to the police that the thief has medication along with her grandmother's silverware and a laptop computer. When she asks Detective William Bendix for advice, he chastises her for leaving her door unlocked. Ruth then goes door to door, asking her neighbors if they saw anything suspicious. One of them, Tony, becomes enraged that someone would target a neighbor. Frightened by his reaction, Ruth leaves; however, later, she returns to seek his help after the police refuse to follow up on a mobile app revealing the location of her laptop. Ruth and Tony go to the location, where Ruth intimidates the owner into returning her laptop. He reveals he bought it from a fence who operates a resale shop. After getting the shop's address, Ruth and Tony investigate further the next morning where Ruth finds her grandmother's silverware and a man whose shoe matches a print left in her yard. Ruth gets into a scuffle with the owner when he demands she pay for the stolen silverware. After he breaks her finger, Tony knocks him unconscious, and they flee.
After Ruth becomes frustrated that she was not able to confront the youth she suspects to be the burglar, Tony reveals that he caught the license plate number on the van he rode away in. Tony researches the tag number of the van online, revealing the owner of the van and possible thief as Christian Rumack. After again receiving no help from Bendix, Ruth and Tony impersonate cops at the address belonging to the van where a woman named Meredith lets them inside and answers their questions regarding Christian Rumack and the van. She reveals that the owner of the van, her husband Chris, is not the one who uses the van; it is instead her step-son, who was given the van by his father. She says Christian became disowned by his father after being jailed for drug-related offenses and befriending criminals he met there. Chris senior returns home abruptly with his bodyguard. Despite Chris offering a payoff, Ruth merely states that she has no interest in money and only wants to confront Christian about his behavior. Chris taunts her for her idealism and kicks them out.
Christian and his friends, Marshall and Dez, watch from the side, calling off their intended robbery of Chris and instead send Christian to confront Ruth about what she knows about them. He surprises her inside her home, and she crushes his windpipe in self-defense. As he staggers into the street, a bus strikes and kills him. Marshall and Dez kidnap Ruth, forcing her to take Christian's place in their heist. Ruth gains them entry into the mansion, where Meredith and Cesar are held at gunpoint and told to summon Chris. Dez shoots Chris in the hand after he comes downstairs. Cesar attempts to shoot Marshall, who fires back at him. As the two fight, Cesar is shot in the neck and dies. Marshall demands that Chris open their safe. Marshall opens it to find that there is no cash inside, only documents. Marshall and Dez proclaim that they are "done here".
Tony arrives and strikes Dez in the face with a throwing ninja star. When Dez tries to fire her gun at Tony, it backfires and explodes, blowing her hand off. Chris takes the opportunity to try to steal Marshall's gun, but Marshall accidentally shoots him through the head, killing him. Marshall points his gun at Tony next, but Ruth wrestles him to the ground. Dez stabs Tony several times in the stomach. Marshall's gun goes off as Ruth fights him, and a stray bullet strikes Dez in the head, killing her. Ruth gains the upper hand over Marshall, bludgeoning him in the head and leg with the butt of his own gun, and helps Tony flee into the forest behind the mansion. Marshall recovers and chases them. Ruth hides a severely injured Tony under some foliage and continues to run from Marshall. Ruth attacks Marshall by throwing rocks at him, and his sudden movements cause him to be bitten by a water moccasin. Ruth leaves him to die from his wounds. Panicked that she cannot find Tony on her way back, Ruth sees her grandmother's ghost point her in the correct direction. Grateful that Ruth saved her life, Meredith neglects to identify her as one of the burglars to Bendix. Ruth returns to her daily life with Tony, who survives his wounds, and she joins his church.