Peter and the Wolf

On the edge of the vast forests of Russia, where wolves still roam, lies a little cottage surrounded by a big, high fence. This is where Peter lives with his grumpy Grandfather. Pete is a 11-year old boy who is constantly picked on by the town's people and his Grandfather will not let Peter go out into the forest. Peter has a friend, the lovable Ducky (a runner duck in this version), with whom he hangs around Grandfather's yard. A Bird (a hooded crow in this version) with a broken wing arrives in the yard. Bird is very impatient with Peter and signals to go into the forest. His heart beating fast, Peter tiptoes into the cottage and reaches over his sleeping Grandfather and his snoring, overweight tabby cat. Ever so carefully Peter takes the keys to the gate.
Peter has the time of his life playing in the forest with his friends. He helps Bird to fly, using a balloon and some rope.
Then everyone skates on the frozen lake. Everyone, that is, except the cat. She lunges at the Bird to eat him, but is so fat that she crashes straight through the ice and into the freezing water. Grandfather awakes and sees that Peter is in the forest. Very angry, he grabs his gun and rushes outside. He grabs Peter off the ice, drags him back into the cottage and locks the fence. Suddenly the forest goes quiet. Peter looks out through a hole in the fence and sees the Wolf on the edge of the forest. The Cat manages to climb up the tree for safety, but the Wolf swallows the Duck whole. Peter slings a heavy net over his shoulder and climbs up the fence and into the tree. Peter falls from the tree and the Wolf attacks him. Eventually, after a long and fierce struggle, Peter catches the Wolf in the net.
Peter's Grandfather drives into town with the captured Wolf, Peter standing, triumphant, on top of the Wolf's cage. However, the people do not acknowledge Peter's success and his grandfather takes credit for the wolf's capture. The Bird's broken wing heals and is able to fly again. The town bullies (the very same who pick on Peter) arrive and chastise the defenseless Wolf with a gun. After looking into the Wolf's sorry eyes and having become disillusioned with both his grandfather as well as the town for its poor treatment to them both, Peter opens the cage and the Wolf races back into the forest.
The ending is a complete departure from the original, in which the wolf is presumably left caged in the zoo. Throughout the latter parts of the story, the duck can be heard quacking inside the wolf, implying it is still alive.