3

The film opens with a funeral partaking in an apartment where the police are involved saying he doesn't understand the motive of the murder of Ram. His wife Janani hallucinates about her husband running away. She recalls memories and it continues with a flashback when Ram and Janani were 12th-grade students. While she was from a middle-class family and Ram at that time lived with his father who was a businessman and his mother. After he saw Janani he helps fix her bicycle (it was raining heavily) but at the same time has a crush on her. He tells his friends Kumaran and Senthil about it they were from different schools but same tuition. One night he and Senthil stalked Janani and was caught by her father as he questioned them both. He slapped Ram and scolded Senthil for lying and warned them. Nevertheless, Ram visits Janani before he could ask she reciprocates his love. Janani's sister Sumi makes sure her parents aren't aware their secret love. The story returns to reality while Janani has a teary conversation with her mother about Ram. Soon she slept having a dream about when her family has a visa to go to the US and she had to go. When Ram heard this he decided that she could leave him. Instead of leaving him she appeared near him. He said she burned her passport and her mother disowned with a slap. She then urged Ram to marry her because of their five-year relationship. So he told his mother then urged his father who did agree and gave them a flat.After their marriage, Ram persuaded that her family to come and see her for she felt uncomfortable.He made a promise to not hurt her or allow anyone to. Ram and Janani were pleased with their life and were happy together. Again the story comes to reality when Janani is awoken by her maid. Two police officers are in her flat and one of them tells her something that she made her cry. Janani had an impact that made her break household items and stare into Ram's photo. She then is informed by her husband's doctor that he had come with his friend Senthil.She asked his parents but they had no idea that they'll inform when. Her father in law said Ram asked him to transfer his properties in his name. As she went home she packed his items away but stopped at a coat. She put it on then found a letter as she studied she wept it was a suicide letter from Ram.She visited Senthil and asked to reveal thing they were hiding from her.He told when she was leaving for the US and that same time Kumaran said he got a job in Singapore. Ram couldn't bear it that Kumaran was his childhood friend and she was his life. He got drunk and imagined her asking him to come to her. He nearly drowned but thanks to Senthil he was alright.Soon Senthil saw that Ram wasn't behaving how he was raised.One time Ram's office lost 32 million and was in a bad mood. Ram was working on his laptop when his pug Tom, played near his feet. He got irritated and kicked the dog away ruthlessly Senthil sharply disapproved of this. After a while when Senthil went into the kitchen, he heard a squeal and came back running. Tom was dead and Ram was working on his laptop as if he didn't notice. Senthil made him come to his senses and they buried Tom in secret because Janani loved Tom as their child. As Janani came he asked uncannily her where is Tom they looked she cried soon he cried it's his fault. Senthil found out that Ram suffered from Bipolar Disorder.At first, he smashed a bottle on his head afterwards he agreed to see a doctor.After the past few days, he avoided Janani. Janani was aware of her husband's absence and confronted him. At a nightclub, a man misbehaved with Janani Ram dragged her out and sent her home. The misbehaver and his friends sought a fight with Ram and Senthil. Ram is been hit badly so Senthil helps Ram home but Janani fell sick for she couldn't bear it.Senthil drags him for electric shock therapy and he stayed there almost 4 hours. He lied to Janani about it but she slapped him because she was aware of the lie.She showers her anger, rage and frustration over him for the current situation in their lives. A silent Ram rebukes when she insults Senthil. After the whole fiasco that night, Ram again loses his mental stability and tries to stab Janani with a knife, but Senthil stops him from doing it. Later on, when Ram comes back to his senses, he feels guilty, heartbroken and scared that he tried to kill his only love and decides to go to his father and transfer all his property in Janani's name.On another day, Ram suddenly bashes Senthil's head against the steering wheel, rendering him unconscious. Ram says his last words to his friend, "Sorry dude, you have done so much for me" and leaves the car in order to go see Janani himself. He remembers all the beautiful memories from their young age, and the ending takes onto the final scene of Ram's life, as he goes to Janani's bedroom and watches her sleeping. He tries to control his emotions and kiss her for the last time and suddenly he hallucinates seeing a young girl saying "Either kill her or you die". Terrified, he immediately gets away from her bed. The young girl and a Sadhu from his previous hallucinations now appear unnervingly in front of him. Dreaded, he goes to his office and writes a suicide note while hallucinating disturbing visions of the young girl and the Sadhu.To avoid causing further harm to Janani, he picks up a knife and slits his throat, and kills himself, saying his final words "I love you, Janani". The film ends with Janani wailing in grief, as she learns her husband's fate.