Raman Thediya Seethai

The movie starts with Venugopal (Cheran) meeting Ranjitha (Vimala Raman) whose parents want them to get married. During their conversation, Venugopal informs Ranjitha that he stammers if he gets stressed and he was also undergoing treatment for psychological problems while he was at school. Ranjitha gets scared hearing this and she turns down the proposal.
Venugopal manages his own wedding card business and is a kind hearted person. He remains clear that the girl he marries should know about his problem and he does not want to get married to someone by hiding his problem. Venu’s mother arranges to meet another girl Vidhya (Remya Nambeesan). Vidhya agrees for wedding despite knowing Venu’s problem. But on the day before the wedding, Vidhya’s lover with whom she has broken up comes and apologizes. Vidhya changes her mind and elopes with her lover which shocks her father Manickavel (Manivannan) and also Venu.
But Venu cancels the wedding saying that he is not interested in marrying Vidhya thereby hiding the truth that Vidhya has eloped with someone. Manickavel feels proud seeing Venu and also feels bad that his daughter has missed such a kind hearted person in her life. Also Manickavel apologizes to Venu for his daughter’s behaviour and he promises to find a suitable girl for Venu soon.
After so many girls rejecting Venu due to his stammering speech problem, Gayathri (Karthika) agrees to marry him. Venu also likes Gayathri but he meets Gunasekhar (Nithin Sathya), an auto driver who claims to be the lover of Gayathri. Guna describes his one side love towards Gayathri to Venu and Manickavel while travelling in his auto without knowing that Venu has come to see Gayathri. Venu meets Gayathri and tells her that Guna loves her sincerely and advises her to accept his love. Gayathri also understands and agrees to marry Guna.
On the other hand, there is a positive love story told between a visually challenged RJ Nedumaran (Pasupathy) and Thamizhisai (Gajala). Nedumaran anchors a program in radio about importance of facing life with a positive attitude and Thamizhisai is a very big fan of Nedumaran’s radio program. But Thamizhisai gets shocked knowing that Nedumaran is visually challenged and she feels proud of him seeing his positive attitude towards life. They become good friends and Thamizhisai proposes Nedumaran which he does not accept as he fears that her family members will not allow her marry him. But later realizes her true love and the both get married. Venu is a friend of Nedumaran and he gets inspired seeing his positive tone in life.
Venu and Manickavel travel to Nagercoil for a business visit. Venu gets shocked to see Vidhya there leading a below poverty life. Venu leaves without informing Manickavel to meet Vidhya and gets to know that she is pregnant and her husband is in jail for involving in a clash with the neighbour. Vidhya works in a small school and she struggles to lead a proper life without money. Venu feels bad seeing her condition and gives some money. He also takes her to a nearby private hospital for check-up. To his surprise, Ranjitha works as a receptionist in that hospital. Venu introduces Vidhya as his friend and requests Ranjitha to assist her during her further check-ups and he pays the hospital expenses.
As Vidhya’s delivery date approaches, Venu decides to stay in Nagercoil for a few more days until she gives birth to the child thereby assisting with the hospital formalities. Slowly Venu befriends Ranjitha and the two meet frequently. Vidhya gives birth to a baby and Venu informs this to Manickavel who gets furious hearing this. Manickavel gets emotional and scolds Venu for helping someone who ditched him on the day of wedding. But Venu convinces Manickavel and takes him to see his daughter. Ranjitha comes to know about Venu’s great character and slowly love blossoms in her.
Now Venu and Manickavel are set to meet a girl Senthamarai (Navya Nair) who is a sub-inspector in Nagercoil. Venu informs this to Ranjitha which shocks her. Ranjitha does not express her love towards Venu. Venu decides to secretly meet Senthamarai while she is on duty without informing her. But suddenly violence erupts in the location and Senthamarai to control the crowd, starts hitting the protestors. She hits Venu also without knowing that he has comes to visit her. Venu feels guilty now and decides to cancel the meeting. While going back, he sees Ranjitha’s house on the way. He decides to refresh there and then leave. But Ranjitha proposes her love to Venu and apologizes for rejecting him at the very beginning not understanding his true character which is more precious. Venu understands Ranjitha and decides to marry her.