Singhasan

The story is a tale of two kingdoms Avanthi and Gandhar, Chief Commander Syenadhipathi of Gandhar Vikram Singh (Jeetendra) and Prince of Avanthi Aditya Vardhan (again Jeetendra) look alike. Aditya is a drunkard and womanizer who doesn't feel any responsibility about his Kingdom, Vikram is a great and solid warrior who expands the Gandhar dynasty on four sides, but he comes into the trap of Gandhar Maha Mantri Bhanu Pratap (Kader Khan), that he has done a murder attempt on Princess and future Queen of Gandhar, Alakananda (Jayaprada), who loves Vikram a lot, Vikram has been sent away from the kingdom because Bhanu Pratap wants to capture the dynasty. Therein Avanthi also goes to the same situation. Avanthi Raj Guru Acharya Abhagadev (Pran) elder brother of Bhanu Pratap and leader of all the negative aspects in the both the kingdoms, wants to kill Prince Aditya and make his son Urgarahu (Shanthi Kapoor) as a king who has authority to become king after Aditya. To kill him, he arranges a poisonous girl Chandana (Mandakini), who lives in forest, whom Aditya loves on first sight while hunting. People in both kingdoms suffer due to Abhagadev's trick. To overcome this problem, Vikram establishes a revolutionary team in the forest. One day, the Golden Crown of Gandhar is stolen by the enemy's team, which is very powerful and protector of the kingdom. To stop Alaknanda becoming Queen, Vikram destroys this trap saves the crown from the enemies and makes Alakananda the Queen. One day, Chandana comes to know she is a poisonous girl by killing Bhanu Pratap's son Kal Kethu, so she wants to get away from Aditya's life. To save him, she tries to commit suicide, but Vikram saves her, and Aditya becomes mad of Chandana and roams around the forest in search of her. When he is in the forest, Abhagdev's gangsters try to kill him, but Vikram saves him, Aditya sends Vikram in his place and asks him to become king to set right the problems in the kingdom. Vikram obeys his order and goes in his place, becomes King and sets right all the problems in the kingdom, after some time, Vikram keeps Aditya in his place and goes back, Aditya marries Chandana, who becomes normal with Vikram's help. But after some time, Aditya comes into the trap of Abhagdev and Bhanu Pratap; they say that he is Vikram and he killed Aditya and became king and he should be hanged. Vikram come know this and he destroys all the enemies, saves Aditya, marries Alakananda and "Protects Peace in Both Kingdoms".