Runway

The film begins when Gopika (Kavya Madhavan) and her father(Oduvil Unnikrishnan) came to stay in a house where Bharathiyamma(Kaviyoor Ponnamma) stays with her two children Balu Damodar (Indrajith) and Ambili(Suja Karthika). Bharathiyamma has one more (elder) son Unni Damodar(Dileep) who is working in Dubai. Unni tells his family that he is working in Gulf but in reality he runs illegal spirit business with Chandy Bhai (Murali) along with Achayan and Achuvettan in Walayar. He accepts a four-year jail punishment actually the accused was Bhai. Unni, however confesses what he does, to Gopika whom his mother is insistent that he should marry. After leaving the jail Paramasivam (Unni) realizes that Bhai has been fall into a big debt because of the cheating of Chinnadan (Kalasala Babu) and his Sons. He then again goes to Valayar and thus saves Bhai and his family from debt with his wicked mind and tricks. He again rules spirit deals in Valayar area pulling the Chinnadans into trouble. Things change when Unni's brother Balu becomes a police officer. He got posting in Valayar area, where Unni and Bhai have become big-time rowdys. In Valayar, Balu tries his level best to catch Valayar Paramasivam but does not know that it is known other than his brother; and fails in mind game played by Unni. This makes Bhai angry with Balu. But Paramasivam tells him to forgive Balu because he was his brother. In the meantime, Unni's family comes to know that he himself is Paramsivam, and he is ousted from his family. Later, Chinadan kills Bhai's only son Johny and blames Balu as the real killer. This made Bhai very desperate and wants to kill Balu. Bhai kidnaps him. On knowing this, Paramasivam goes to save his brother Balu and informs Bhai that the actual killer was SP (Shammi Thilakan) by identifying the ring marks in Johny's face. Paramasivam then confesses him that he will not lie to his bhai. After realizing the innocence of Balu Damodar, Bhai and Paramasivam plans to kill the Chinnadans by sending Gas and Spirit into their house after locking all the door with nail and sending a toy which blasts when functioned switch is pressed. The film moves to the climax, where it is shown that Paramasivam gets acquitted from all their cases since Bhai has pleaded guilty to all the crimes. He wants Paramasivam to return as Unni to his family and lead a normal life with them.