Dragon Ball Z: The World's Strongest

While looking at the Dragon Radar, Oolong notices that all of the Dragon Balls are starting to be gathered together. He and Gohan, who were also searching for the Dragon Balls, head out to investigate and end up at the Tsurumai-Tsuburi Mountains’ eternal wall of ice, where coincidentally, Piccolo is also training. Dr. Kochin summons Shenron and wishes for Dr. Wheelo’s lab to be released from the ice. The ice begins to break away and a building emerges. Gohan and Oolong look on in disbelief, when they are suddenly attacked by Dr. Kochin’s Biomen. Piccolo shows up to save Gohan, but is overcome by three mysterious fighters, while Gohan and Oolong escape.
Dr. Kochin and his Biomen soon appear at Kame House, and request that Master Roshi come with them. He refuses and easily defeats the Biomen, but Dr. Kochin kidnaps Bulma to force Master Roshi to go back with him to the lab. There, Master Roshi is forced to fight three bio-warriors, but it soon becomes apparent he’s no match. Bulma discovers that Dr. Wheelo’s goal is to obtain the body of the strongest man so he can be revived. Bulma informs them that Son Goku is now the strongest man in the world.
Oolong informs Goku of the situation, and he heads out to find Bulma and Master Roshi. He arrives at Dr. Wheelo’s lab and is greeted by Misokattsun, Kishime, and Ebifurya, Dr. Kochin’s three bio-warriors. Goku defeats Misokattsun by bursting through him with the Kaiō-Ken, but is then sealed up in ice by Ebifurya. Gohan and Krillin arrive to back him up, but are at their wit’s end against Kishime. Using the Kaiō-Ken, Goku breaks free from ice and defeats the two remaining bio-warriors. Goku confronts Dr. Wheelo, demanding he give Bulma back, but Dr. Wheelo just wants Goku’s body.
Piccolo, who has been brainwashed by Dr. Wheelo, appears and a battle between the two rivals commences. Gohan tries to stop Piccolo, but he simply swats Gohan away. Being unable to stop them from fighting, Gohan’s anger explodes, shattering Dr. Wheelo brainwashing device on Piccolo. Dr. Wheelo is stunned by Gohan’s power and decides he must fight Goku himself. He begins to break his robot body free from the wall, subsequently knocking Dr. Kochin down an energy shaft, killing him. Everyone watches on in horror, including Krillin, who has freed Bulma.
The true battle begins, and Dr. Wheelo seems to have the upper hand. Even the three-person Kamehameha of Goku, Master Roshi, and Krillin has no effect on him. Soon, Goku and Piccolo are the only ones left able to fight. Goku resorts to using a Kaiō-Ken powered Kamehameha, which merely knocks Dr. Wheelo into space. Goku begins to form a Spirit Bomb, but Dr. Wheelo interrupts him before he can throw it by shooting ki blasts at him. The others fly up to distract him so Goku can successfully throw the Spirit Bomb. Goku lets it fly and it’s a direct hit. Dr. Wheelo’s brain is destroyed and peace once again returns to Earth.