Thegidi

Vetri (Ashok Selvan) studies a criminology course and possesses great observation skills, and this makes his professor, Govardhan (Rajan Iyer) to insist him taking up a detective job. Vetri gets a job in a private detective agency and leaves to Chennai to meet Govardhan and receive his blessings. He joins the detective agency and his bosses are Sadagoppan (Pradeep Nair) and Sailesh (Jayakumar). Vetri stays with his close friend Nambi (Kaali Venkat).
Vetri is given a task of collecting information about three people by following them secretly. He does his job with great passion and loves it to the maximum. Meanwhile, he meets Madhusree (Janani Iyer) and develops an attraction towards her immediately. Vetri gets all the information about the three people assigned to him and submits the reports to his bosses.
Vetri’s next assignment is to gather information about Madhu. Vetri is excited on this and starts following her. Despite a rule that detectives are not allowed to get in touch with the people they follow, Vetri is tempted to get introduced to Madhu. Vetri introduces himself as a job seeker to Madhu and they become good friends. Slowly, love blossoms between the two.
Suddenly, one of the people, whom Vetri has gathered some information, is killed mysteriously. Vetri meets his bosses and request the client details of those who requested to follow him, but they convince him giving some reasons. Similarly, another person is also killed. Now, Vetri’s doubts increase seeing the sequence of murders. Vetri calls up the third person he has followed before and wants to meet him. But the third person is also killed, while he is on the way to meet Vetri.
Vetri worries fearing Madhu’s death as she was his last assignment and decides to protect her. The police while investigating, finds out that Vetri was the last person who called the third person before his death and arrived for an investigation. Madhu gets shocked on knowing that Vetri is a detective and thinks that he pretended as loving her to get some info.
Vetri meets Police Inspector Raghuram (Jayaprakash) and informs all the happenings. Raghuram and Vetri try to visit the detective agency, but are surprised to see that there is no such agency existing in the address. No one knows about the whereabouts of the detective agency and its founders.
Vetri starts thinking of any clue and remembers his bosses kept frequently mentioning a name. He finds out that it is a hotel located in the outskirts of Chennai with clues in a car and finds out a courier. Vetri notes down the address mentioned in the courier and runs away before Sailesh comes back.
Meanwhile, Sailesh understands that Vetri has searched his car and he rushes to his home to destroy all the evidences. Sailesh shreds many papers in his home. Vetri arrives to the place and fights with Sailesh. When Sailesh is about to kill Vetri, Raghuram comes to the spot and shoots Sailesh. Raghuram and Vetri conduct a search in Sailesh’s home and found a number. They believe it to be an insurance policy and begin an investigation. Raghuram tracks down the insurance company that has issued the policy and they visit the company with the hope of finding some truth.
On inquiring with the clerk (Kavithalaya Krishnan), they find that the number is a life insurance policy taken by one of the people, who got killed and the sum insured is Rs.1 Crore. They are shocked to know that the insurance money was collected by the person’s father as all the three people who got killed had no parents or relatives.
Suddenly, Vetri sees that the insurance company branch manager is none other than Sadagopan. Vetri and Raghuram traps Sadagopan and understands the truth. Sadagopan’s real name is Poornachandran and is the manager of the insurance company. He goes through the details of all the policy holders, that are insured by the employers and targets people who have no parents or relatives.
Poornachandran uses his power to forge a policy taken in favor of those people. Sailesh, his friend, kills the insured person and they collect the money from the insurance agency. To Vetri’s shock, Govardhan is also a part of the crime and he goes to collect the money as the insured person’s father. Above all, it was Govardhan, who has informed about Vetri’s observation skills to Poornachandran and asking him to recruit him as a detective, so that he could be a use for their needs.
Vetri feels bad thinking about Govardhan as he had respected him a lot before. But, Govardhan revealed that he and his ailing mother have suffered a lot and the society didn’t help them which made him to choose this path. Govardhan apologizes to Vetri and commits suicide. Vetri and Raghuram believe that the professor’s actual name in Vallabha, as Poornachandran and Sailesh keep referring to this name often.
Life is smooth for Vetri as he has been reunited with Madhu and lives with his family. But, one day, he receives a phone call from Vallabha suddenly and Vetri gets shocked knowing that there is someone above Govardhan, who is behind all the crimes. The film ends here setting a path for a sequel.