Lion

The film revolves round a socio-political family where Balagangadhara Menon (Kalashala Babu), the Education Minister lives with his son B.Krishnakumar a.k.a. Unni (Dileep)-a Politician, his wife Lakshmi (Shobha Mohan), three daughters and two sons-in-law. Also with them is his P.A Joseph (Jagathy Sreekumar). Menon is always fond of his sons-in-law Pavithran IPS (Saikumar) and Gopinath IAS (Shammi Thilakan), and thinks that his son is a barrier to him as he tries to control their corrupt activities. Menon wants to become the Chief Minister himself by throwing away Avarachan, the present C.M but fails. Sharika a.k.a. Shari (Kavya Madhavan) and her mother Devaki (Bindu Panicker) comes to their place as the former got a temporary school teacher post in the area. Both were servants in Menon's house long back, but was dispelled by him due to a childish love affair between Unni and Shari. Shari then involves in a public Drinking Water Case and seeks Menon for help. Finding that Menon is not reliable, she along with Unni goes to Collector's office but is again thrown back. Finally they move through Judicial ways and blocks the case.
Meanwhile, Unni's younger sister Meenakshi (Karthika Mathew) is in love with an ordinary school teacher Prasad (Saiju Kurup) and Unni tries to unite them. When Menon and others comes to know about this, they blindly refuses and wants A.S.P Harshan (Riyaz Khan) to marry Meenakshi as a part of their socio-political assets. Pavithran sends his henchmen to kill Prasad, and keeps Unni in prison in an unwarranted case. Meenakshi is forcefully married to Harshan, and Unni is helpless. The next day, Shari gets a cellphone belonging to the murderer of Prasad and she with the help of Unni goes to C.I Vijayan (Vijayaraghavan (actor)) and submits the evidence. The murderer is arrested and subsequently Menon also, after being traced of a phone call from the former.
Menon decides to use this opportunity as a political game and blames C.M against this. Much irritated, C.M resigns dismissing the whole Ministry and thereby counterattacking Menon. The next election is to be held soon and party initially decides to place Krishnakumar as candidate from his constituency instead of Menon. However, Menon convinces the party members to make him as the candidate later. Krishnakumar is once again depressed, but his friends force him to contest as Independent candidate, to which he agrees.
During the campaigning, Krishnakumar brings out the political dramas of his opponents and donates the ransom he obtained from Vendor Chandy (Cochin Haneefa) and others as charity. Post election, Menon is surprised to find that Krishnakumar had won against him. As Krishnakumar was required for the party to fill a seat for attaining majority, he makes use of the situation by demanding the Home Minister post. The party had no choice and agrees. Thomman Chakko (Innocent (actor)) becomes the C.M while Krishnakumar and others becomes members of his cabinet. Krishnakumar makes use of his position in good ways and eradicates most of the corrupt evil activities in the state with the help of Police force and his friends. He even chases down high politicians and brings out the black money they kept. Thomman Chakko is also blackmailed against his corrupt assets and has no choice than obeying Krishnakumar. Meanwhile, Krishnakumar convinces Shari to marry him, and both register their marriage soon. This irritates Menon and he dispels both of them from entering house. Later, Krishnakumar and Shari began to live happily in Minister's guest house.
Pavithran in the mean time tries to eliminate Unni in several ways but fails. He tells Menon that Unni should be killed. Menon gets stuck up at this and finally decides to be a good man. He secretly meets Unni and Shari in a sorry mood, and tells both to return home soon. He even decides to arrange a press meet to bring out all his corruptions. Pavithran finds that all his illegal wealth would be gone, and kills Menon using his henchmen depicting it as a lorry accident. But unknown to him Menon's P.A, Joseph boards the car on which Menon travels for the press meet. Joseph survives the accident, and later relates it to Krishnakumar. He tracks down the lorry drivers but fruitless. Finally gets to know everything from Pavithran's wife(Unni's elder sister), who had overheard Pavithran's conversations to kill Menon. Pavithran decides to flee away but is confronted by Krishnakumar and Police. In a fight, Krishnakumar kills Pavithran using C.I Vijayan's gun and is ready to be arrested. But everyone convinces him to forget the incident and Police closes down the F.I.R under CRPC 130/131 security acts.
In the end Krishnakumar is seen congratulated by Ex. C.M Avarachan and his mission continues by giving the message "Leadership is action and not position".