Sringara Velan

Kannan (Dileep) is the son of a fashion weaver Ayyapanashan (Babu Namboothiri). His father has sent him for fashion designing,but Kannan wants to make more money easier. His friends are Yesudas a.k.a. Yesu (Lal),a gunda and Vasu (Kalabhavan Shajon).
Kannan tries to woo rich girls and marry them and try to make his living. Once Kannan with Vasu went to give saree to Varmaji (Nedumudi Venu), who is Ayyapanashan's friend and is a 'Thampuran' of the 'Kovilakam'. Kannan once meets Radhu (Vedhika) and he falls love with her. Kannan accidentally stops a pooja which was being held there and is forced to stay at that place for more than fortnight. In the process Kannan gets more attracted to Radhu and once he gets into her room when Kannan was trying to escape that place. Kannan expresses his love to her and Radhu laughs, not taking it seriously.
D. Gopi Prasad a.k.a. DGP (Joy Mathew)('D' represence Don as he was an underworld Don in Mumbai), is the father of Radha and he is a big bombay don dada who wants to hide his daughter from several enemies who seek revenge (Led by an unknown assassin later revealed to be the son of Ahuja- DGP's former boss and his biggest enemy- wanting to avenge his Father's and Sister's deaths just days before her wedding). Radhu and her grandparents don't like DGP as his ″profession″ is the cause for the death of Radhu's mother, Revathy (Anju Aravind). When Kannan gets more attracted to Radhu,she says that she loves him but due to her father and his high criminal background she will be unable to marry Kannan and if her father knows about this love, Kannan will be shot at sight. But Radhu says that if Kannan would be able to fight her father and marry her, she would be ready to go with him.
Kannan gets scared hearing this. But he doesn't want to lose Radhu. The rest of the story tells how Kannan overcomes the DGP. Kannan had to face many circumstances and takes help of Yesu, Vasu and a kidnapper Mahalingam (Baburaj). At last Kannan succeeds and is united with Radhu where her father is arrested by the police led by Ookken Tintu (Shammi Thilakan). Now Kannan and Radhu and everybody can live happily. The film ends.