Good Neighbours

Louise works as a waitress in a Chinese restaurant in the Notre-Dame-de-Grâce neighbourhood of Montreal where she lives. She has become obsessed with the story of a recent spate of serial murders committed in the area, and scours newspapers for stories about each victim. The latest victim is a co-worker who last spoke of a blond, muscular man she met at the bar, and with whom she had a drink after she got off work at midnight. Louise's wheelchair-bound neighbour, Spencer, shares her interest to a point but values his privacy and solitude. When Victor, an awkward and talkative elementary school teacher, moves in to their apartment complex, he ingratiates himself into their lives and attempts to strike up a friendship, which they reluctantly accept. Louise, who prefers the company of her cats to humans, warms to Victor when he reveals that he is also a cat owner.
When their abusive Francophone neighbor Valérie poisons Louise's cats, Louise spends more time at Victor's apartment, though she requests alone time with his cat. Victor, who has developed a crush on Louise, invents an imaginary love life with her and tells his friends that they have become engaged, though Louise denies any romantic feelings for Victor when Spencer probes her. When Spencer dispassionately reveals to Victor that he was paralyzed in a car accident that killed his wife, Spencer rejects Victor's sympathy and later reacts angrily when Victor installs a wheelchair-accessible ramp in the building. During the cover of night, Spencer sneaks out his window and climbs the fire escape, secretly enjoying the city's nightlife. During one of his secretive outings, one of Victor's friends spots him, though Victor dismisses the possibility that it could be Spencer.
Louise uses sensationalist media reports to plan the murder of Valérie. After seducing Victor, she collects his sperm and uses it to give the impression that Valérie has been raped. On the way back to her apartment, holding evidence of her guilt, she runs into Spencer, who has gone out for a nighttime jog; caught in compromising positions, the two awkwardly acknowledge each other without asking any questions. Curious about the noise, Victor looks out his window and sees Spencer, whom he begins to suspect is the serial killer. Following a dinner party, where the three cautiously probe each other for information, Spencer outright suggests that Louise and he frame Victor for the deaths. At the same time, Victor proposes that Louise and he set a trap for Spencer. Louise agrees to both plans. As Spencer breaks into Victor's apartment, the police rush to his help, and Spencer flees to the fire escape toward Louise's apartment. Worried for her safety, Victor confronts Spencer, and Spencer falls to his death; Louise disinterestedly ignores the conflict as she feeds Victor's cat, whom she has adopted.