Blade of the Immortal

Manji is a samurai on the run after killing his corrupt lord and his bodyguards, which included the husband of his sister Machi. As a result of her husbands death at the hands of her brother, Machi lost her mind from grief. Rather than commit ritual suicide as honor dictates, Manji was forced to care after his now insane sister. While on the run, Manji encounters an 800-year-old nun named Yaobikuni who questions him about his decisions distracting him from his sister who runs off. Machi is found being held hostage by a group of ronin out for the bounty on Manji's head. The ronin's leaders demands Manji disarm himself, implying that he would kill Machi if he did not. When Manji does comply with the ronin's demands, the ronin proceeds to kill Machi anyway. In retaliation Manji kills every member of the group before he begins dying from his wounds as Yaobikuni implants "sacred bloodworms" into his body.
Fifty two years later, now an ageless immortal, Manji is approached by Rin Asano who requests his aid as bodyguard to help avenge the death of her father, Kurose, at the hands of Kagehisa Anotsu and the Ittō-ryū. While Manji initially refused, he reconsiders when Rin is attacked by the Ittō-ryū member Sabato Kuroi who had the severed head of Rin's mother mounted on his left shoulder. Word of Sabato's death reaches Kagehisa after setting up the Ittō-ryū's contract with Kagimura Habaki for a place in the shogunate, sending Taito Magatsu to deal with Rin and her bodyguard. Magatsu is defeated, but is spared as he reveals Manji's immortality to the other Ittō-ryū members. Manji later encounters the Ittō-ryū member Eiku Shizuma, who reveals himself to have also had bloodworms placed in his body by Yaobikuni while nearly killing Manji with a rare poison that disrupts the bloodworms.
Manji and Rin later arrive in Fukagawa where they encounter Kagehisa's loyal subordinate Makie Otono-Tachibana. While Makie had the upper hands, she could not bring herself to kill Manji out of shock from slashing his arm off. When Rin intervenes, her words reach Makie as she ceased her attack on Manji and left Kagehisa in shame. The duo later encounter the Mugai-ryū, learning that Kagehisa is going to Mt. Takeo to recruit a dojo master. But things go south when the Mugai-ryū's sadist member Shira attacks Rin when she intervened in his attempt to rape a prostitute that the Ittō-ryū hired to pose as Kagehisa, running off after Manji chopped his hand off. Following Rin's encounter with the real Kagehisa, learning that Kagehisa's actions were influenced by the history between their grandfathers Takayoshi Asano and Saburō Anotsu, Rin leaves Manji to continue her hunt alone while he follows.
But when Kagehisa arrives to Mt. Takao, learning later that his followers were murdered in his absence, he learns too late that Habaki set him up as he runs into Rin before they are surrounded by Habaki's men. Manji and Makie arrive soon after, resulting in an epic all-out battle as Makie sacrifices herself to protect Kagehisa while Manji runs off after Shira as he abducts Rin to make the swordsman suffer. Manji learns from his previous mistakes to save Rin and sends Shira falling to his death while Kagehisa kills Habaki, the two swordsmen fighting each other with Manji allowing Rin to deliver the deathblow after he is seemingly killed. But Manji is revealed to still be alive as Rin cries over him.