Raabta

Raabta opens with Raja Hussain Iqbal moving from Pakistan to Budapest for a job as a banker, along with his friend Hadi Ali. Hussain is shown to have been a fun-loving womanizer back home and continues this behaviour in Budapest. Alishba Jowdat a young woman, is haunted by mysterious nightmares of drowning to death. She lives by herself in Budapest and works as a chocolatier. Hussain happens upon Alishba's shop while on a date with a woman, but finds himself deeply attracted to Alishba. Though she initially rejects his advances, she eventually succumbs and sleeps with Hussain, revealing the next day that she actually has a boyfriend and what happened with Hussain was a mistake. Unwilling to let go of their connection, Hussain interrupts Alishba's date and shows her that she would rather be with him than with her boyfriend. Alishba's boyfriend angrily breaks up with her, and Hussain and Alishba start spending time together, growing close. One night, they go to a club with Hadi, where they happen upon an eccentric psychic who knows about Alishba's nightmares and tells her that the events of her previous life will repeat themselves, and only she can fix them. Alishba tearfully reveals to Hussain that she has a fear of water because her parents drowned after a car accident when she was two years old.
While trying to test their love a final time, Hussain and Alishba make a pact. Hussain flirts with multiple women, but Alishba finds herself strongly drawn to a young businessman Ahad Ali. Hussain reveals he has to leave for a business trip for a week and he and Alishba decide to see how they feel after a week's separation. If they still feel strongly about each other, they will start considering marriage. During Hussain's absence, Alishba gets to know Ahad better and confides in him about her nightmares. During one of their dinners, Ahad drugs Alishba and kidnaps her.
Alihsba wakes up and finds herself trapped in Alishba's isolated mansion on an island off the coast of Croatia. She demands that he let her go, but he refuses, saying that he spent his whole life looking for her. He explains that they were madly in love in a previous life, but were separated. He refuses to let this happen again. When she does not believe him, he shows her a collection of uncannily accurate paintings he made of her at various ages and says she will find the explanation for her nightmares. Thinking he is crazy, she attempts to escape but ends up falling into the ocean, which triggers her memories of her previous life.
Hundreds of years ago, Alishba was the warrior princess Saiba. She was in love with Kaabir (later Ahad) a fellow warrior from her tribe. Their kingdom was threatened by the Rajputs, led by a wise, old ruler. Ahad is severely wounded by the fierce Rajput warrior Jilaan (later Hussain), who gives Kaabir an ultimatum to surrender. Saiba challenges Jilaan, and they find themselves attracted to each other. Saiba accepts defeat, surrendering the kingdom to the Rajputs and herself to Jilaan. Kaabir attempts to take Saiba back, but she reveals that she and Jilaan have fallen in love. On their wedding night, a comet falls and the Rajput ruler, Raja Tajuddin Khan, realizes that this will be a fateful night. Kaabir ambushes Jilaan and Saiba, and murders Jilaan by wounding him and having him thrown in the ocean. Saiba jumps into the ocean to save him, but to no avail. When she herself dies in the water, Kaabir slits his own throat, killing himself. The Rajput ruler forebodes that these events will repeat.
However, this time, when Hussain shows up to get Alishba back, Alishba, convinced that Hussain loves her, decides to fight back against Ahad. When their previous lives' events repeat - Ahad throwing Hussain into the ocean - Hussain drags Ahad down with him and Ahad dies. Alishba jumps into the water and is able to save Hussain this time.
The film ends with Hussain humorously telling their children to not believe Alihsba if she tells them any far-fetched stories about reincarnation, implying that he is still oblivious to the fact that they had a past life.