Paattu Padava

Rishi (Rahman) is a doctor in a mental hospital and treats his patients like his family. Rangarajan (Janagaraj) is the director of the mental hospital. Devi (Lavanya), daughter of a wealthy man (Kalyan Kumar), is a social worker and joyful woman. Murali (S. P. Balasubrahmanyam) is acting like a mental patient and mute person in the mental hospital, only Rangarajan knows that he is perfectly fine.
Devi starts visiting the mental hospital very often. After few quarrels with Rishi, Devi becomes good friends with Rishi. She is intrigued by Murali and starts spending lot of time with him. Murali slowly falls in one-sided love with Devi. While Rishi and Devi expresse their love and they fall in love with each other. Everything goes well, until Devi finds out that Murali is perfectly alright. Rangarajan reveals Murali's tragic past to her.
In the past, Murali lived happily with his parents. His parents did love marriage and they didn't have the support of their family. One day, his mother Janaki (Sabitha Anand) was arrested for procurement and the complaint was made by his father Gangadharan. His father then fled of the village alone, Murali was down and out. People thought he was a mentally ill boy so they sent him to Rangarajan's mental hospital. Later, his mother died in jail. The kind-hearted Rangarajan decided to keep Murali in his mental hospital, he brought him like his own child.
Feeling hurt and vexed by life, Murali leaves the mental hospital without informing anyone. They finally find him in the street. Devi feels that Murali sings well, so she registers his name in a singing competition. At the singing competition, Murali sees his father Gangadharan in the audience. His father started in a new life and got married with a rich bride, he is now a business magnate. His father turns out to be Rishi's father too. Murali wins the competition, and becomes a playback singer, he wins many awards and he is now the most successful of Tamil cinema. Murali finally reveals to Rishi that he is in love with Devi. In the end, during the marriage of Murali and Devi, Murali comes to know about love between Rishi and Devi. He sacrifices his love and get them married.