Purani Haveli

The film opens with a young couple Raja (Anil Dhawan) and Rita (Priti Sapru) driving through a dense forest at night. Tired and sleepy, they decide to stop for the night, and find a haveli (mansion) nearby. They fall asleep in the outskirts of the mansion. Around midnight, the husband awakes all of a sudden and gets up to investigate. Then a horrible monster (Manik Irani) attacks him. His wife wakes up hearing him scream and they are both killed by the monster. An old man Narendra (Narendra Nath) suddenly appears, a bit too late but eventually traps the monster in an underground cage and attaches a cross to the latch to keep him from escaping.
The story then shifts to the lives of Kumar (Vijay Arora), an industrialist who lives with his wife Seema (Neelam Mehra) and niece Anita (Amita Nangia). Since her parents death, Anita has been living with her uncle who is also the legal custodian of her father's estate. Seema wants Anita to get married to her brother Vikram (Tej Sapru) so that they can milk out the estate but Anita does not approve of Vikram and is in love with a photographer, Sunil (Deepak Parashar). Kumar visits the mansion with an agent to buy the building but both of them are killed by the monster. A large group of some twenty three folks go to the mansion for an outing. Things get interesting when one of Vikram's friends is killed by the iron statue. Many interesting things happen in due course. Seema and Vikram get increasingly frustrated; Anita is about to come of age and reclaim her estate, and Vikram remains unsuccessful at wooing her. Seema hatches a plot and she lures Sunil into the tehkhana (dungeon) where Vikram is waiting for both of them and attacks Sunil from behind. He becomes unconscious and then they lock up the dungeon and leave Sunil there thinking that he will eventually die and Anita may eventually agree to wed Vikram.
Sunil recovers in the dungeon and wanders around till he hears the monster from his cage. He is about to open the cage when the old man suddenly appears and stops him from doing so. He leads Sunil out of the dungeon tells him the story of his life and the monster. Vikram goes back to the dungeon to check for himself that Sunil is dead. He hears the monster and unknowingly releases him getting himself killed. The monster now free goes on a violent rampage, killing people everywhere. Everybody vacates the mansion at once fleeing by bus. Seema unwisely stays behind going another escape route and the monster sexually assaults and murders her.
The monster makes his way to the bus that has broken down by a church and the monster kills two girls and the old man as well. The monster enters the church and is tormented by the impulse of the Almighty. He is finally impaled by a cross and his body set ablaze ending his reign of terror once and for all. The film ends with Sunil and Anita lighting candles at the church and starting a new life together.