Pa Paandi

Power Paandi (Rajkiran), an ex-stuntmaster in Tamil cinema industry, is now leading his retired life with his son Raghavan (Prasanna) and his family. Paandi is very close to his grand-children Dhruv (Master Raghavan) and Shaksha (Baby Chavi).Paandi could not sit idle at home and gets involved in other issues outside his house which brings trouble to his son. He also tries to keep him occupied by going for some part-time jobs like gym instructor ',side kicks and stunt-man in cinema but nothing fulfills him and also brings friction with his son.
Seeking his freedom, he goes out of his house with his old bullet and final day savings. On his way, he sees a bunch of old people riding their bike like him and he narrates his first love experience with them. He shares about how he (Dhanush as young Paandi) met Poonthendral (Madonna Sebastian) first time, how they fell in love and how they went separated. He tells them that he is on a journey to find his Poonthendral again. An old-man in that group helps Paandi in locating Poonthendral via social media. Paandi messages Poonthendral, who has now settled in Hyderabad, as he was in her place and was eager to meet her again.
Finally, Poonthendral (Revathi) agrees to meet him in a restaurant and both of them meet remembering all the by-gone days. They post their meet on social media and express happiness for each other's life. Paandi proposes to Poonthendral to live the rest of their life together. Poonthendral, who was initially reluctant at his decision, later convinces herself about his companionship and asks him to come to her house the next day for a lunch and to meet her family (her daughter and grand-daughter).
In meantime, back at Chennai, Raghavan realizes his mistake and start searching for his father every-where. His grand-son Dhruv locates Paandi using social-media and finally comes to Poonthendral's house at Hyderabad to take Paandi back with them. When Paandi comes to Poonthendral's house for lunch, he gets re-united with his son's family. Both Poonthendral and Paandi realise that their life has to go this way and decide to be in touch with each other for the rest of their lives. With much emotional bursts, Paandi leaves Poonthendral's house with his son , waving his hands in air without seeing Poonthendral for which she responds.