Grave Encounters

Jerry Hartfield, the producer of Grave Encounters, a famous ghost investigation television series, explains that Grave Encounters was cancelled in 2003 after the fifth episode, when the cast and crew, along with the footage for episode six, mysteriously went missing. The footage was finally recovered in 2010 and brought to Hartfield. In it, the show's host Lance Preston, along with occult specialist Sasha Parker, surveillance operator Matt White, cameraman T.C. Gibson, and fake medium Houston Grey, investigate the abandoned fictional mental asylum Collingwood Psychiatric Hospital, where many instances of paranormal activity have been reported since its closure after the head doctor, Dr. Arthur Friedkin, is charged with inhumane experiments on the patients.
After taking a day tour of the hospital, the crew return for an overnight surveillance campaign while locking themselves inside. At first, everything is quiet, but soon, strange phenomena begin to occur, such as odd noises, doors and windows moving, and a wheelchair moving on its own. After recording a haunting where an invisible entity moves Sasha's hair, the group decides to finish their filming and wait for 6 AM when the caretaker will let them out. They begin gathering their belongings, but Matt disappears while retrieving the cameras alone.
Now becoming uneasy and with the caretaker nowhere to be seen hours after their agreed release time, the crew eventually break down the exit doors, only to discover that the exit mysteriously loops back into another hallway, and all exits either lead to more hallways. Lance soon realizes that the sun has not risen, and it is still night outside, despite their cellphone clocks showing that it is well past mid-morning. The group attempts to find an alternate exit, but to no avail as the building seemingly changes around them, creating dead ends and false exits. While the group is sleeping again, someone scratches the word "HELLO" into Sasha's back. After the group encounters a young woman in a hospital gown whose face demonically distorts, Houston is separated and strangled by an invisible force. A flash of light follows, and Houston is thrown back, dead. While resting, the remaining crew awaken only to discover that they have somehow been fitted with hospital identification bracelets, each bracelet having their name inscribed on it.
Lance, Sasha, and T.C. eventually find Matt in a room, wearing a hospital gown and appears to be mentally unstable. As the group leaves the room, T.C. notices Matt remaining in the room, staring at a blood-filled bathtub. He tries to pull Matt away, but is dragged by a dead patient into the bathtub in which they both disappear. With Matt in tow, Lance and Sasha find an elevator, and Lance goes alone to find something to wedge to elevator door open. After taking a pipe from an old hospital gurney he encounters a demonic patient. Lance panics, flees to the elevator, and pries the elevator door open. He is then attacked by the patient, but Sasha rescues him.
Meanwhile, Matt videos his suicide by jumping down the elevator shaft while Lance and Sasha are occupied. After climbing down a ladder in the shaft to the underground tunnels of the hospital, Sasha becomes violently ill and starts coughing up blood. The two stop to rest, and while they sleep, Sasha is covered by a strange mist and disappears. Lance alone wanders down the seemingly endless corridors as his mental health spirals downward, feeding on rats to survive.
Eventually, Lance encounters a door that appears seemingly out of nowhere, which leads to Dr. Friedkin's legendary secret operating room. There, he finds evidence of satanic rituals and black magic being performed on the patients. Lance then discovers a small sacrificial altar on the floor, after which he is attacked by the ghost of Friedkin, who drags him away as he screams, before the camera cuts out. The camera is turned back on, showing Lance alive, implied to have been lobotomized by Friedkin. He states to the camera, "He said I'm all better now...I can finally go home." Followed by his famous outro. "For Grave Encounters...Lance Preston signing off." The screen then cuts to black.