Chanthupottu

Radhakrishnan (Dileep) is dysfunctionally brought up like a girl by his grandmother (Sukumari) who wanted a granddaughter. There by, he becomes effeminate and milquetoast. She calls him Radha, which becomes his nickname. Radha's father Divakaran (Lal) goes to jail for a murder that he accidentally commits. Radha is ridiculed among the people in the village but he is not worried and spends time with the girls singing and teaches dancing. His best friend is Malu (Gopika) who is wooed by Kumaran (Indrajith), a local money lender and the son of the man whom Radha's father had killed.
Divakaran comes back from jail and is shocked to see that his only son is a good for nothing transvestite, but can do nothing about it. Slowly Radha's liking for Malu turns into love and when Kumaran sees it, he beats up Radha with the help of her father (Rajan P. Dev), a local astrologer and dumps him in deep sea. But he is saved by Freddy (Biju Menon), a restaurant owner, in some distant shore. Freddy takes him to the former's native where he is living with his sister Rosie (Bhavana) and his grandmother (Valsala Menon), who is a mental patient due to the shock of the sudden death of Freddy's other sibling, Jonfy. He soon becomes a part of their family, as the grandmother begins to identify him as the late Jonfy. With a change in environment, he also discovers the manly element in him and starts to transform from his female mannerisms slowly.
Once, he gets involved in a fight with Cleetus (Sreejith Ravi), an old enemy of Freddy, after Cleetus tries to molest Rosie. During the fight, Cleetus gets severely injured on the head. Radha is forced to return to his home to escape from the police.
On reaching his native shore, he discovers that his family, along with his house was brutally burned down by Kumaran. He also learns that Malu is pregnant with Radha's child. His arrival follows a fight with Kumaran. Towards the end of the fight, Radha defeats Kumaran and is about to kill him. But he is reminded of how his father had to suffer in jail due to murder charges, and so he spares Kumaran. In the meantime, Malu prematurely gives birth to Radha's son. However, when Radha sees the child, he vows to raise him as a boy, ripping off the ribbon tied to his hair.