Terror

Three hundred years ago, the witch Mad Dolly is captured on the orders of Lord Garrick. She is about to be burned at the stake when she invokes the Devil, causing the executioner to catch fire. Garrick rushes back to his house, where a disembodied arm punches through a wall and strangles him. His wife is then confronted by a sword-wielding Mad Dolly, who beheads her and curses the family's descendants.
End credits roll, revealing that these scenes form the conclusion to a horror film directed by James Garrick – the last of the Garrick line with his cousin Ann, an aspiring actress. He is hosting a preview screening for his friends at the largely unaltered Garrick house, of which he is now owner. James believes that his film is based on true events and has also inherited Mad Dolly's sword.
Gary, a mesmerist, hypnotises Ann as a party trick. In her trance, Ann picks up the sword and brings it down on James, wounding him slightly. After being overpowered by the other guests, she comes to her senses and quickly leaves. When Carol, one of James's actor friends, departs she is stabbed to death in the surrounding woodland by an unseen assailant. Ann returns to her hostel in London with bloodstained hands. James, who suspects that Ann was involved in Carol's murder, tells his assistant Philip that all of his ancestors who have lived in the Garrick house – including his father – have died in mysterious circumstances.
Other murders and strange deaths follow. At the adult nightclub where Ann and her friends work as waitresses, a patron is ejected by the bouncer after sexually assaulting Ann; arriving home, he is thrown onto a row of spiked railings and dismembered. At James's film studio, an overhead lamp falls to the floor and crushes Les, a director shooting a pornographic film. Viv – the star of the film, and one of Ann's roommates – is stabbed to death at the hostel. Ann visits Philip at the studio, claiming that she has no memory of her attack on James or how she returned home on the night that Carol was murdered. After Ann leaves, Philip is attacked by flying props and equipment and decapitated by a falling sheet of glass.
Ann flees the hostel when she finds police questioning her roommate, Suzy, and realises that she is a suspect in the death of Viv. One of the officers pursues her but is repeatedly run over and crushed by a patrol car, which is being controlled by a supernatural force. While making her way to the Garrick house, Ann is caught in unusually strong winds and takes refuge in a parked car, but is forced to jump out when the vehicle inexplicably rises into the air. Arriving at the house, she experiences bizarre visions and sees various objects moving of their own accord. Seizing an axe, she is startled by the sudden appearance of James and inadvertently kills him. Mad Dolly re-appears, cackling, as her sword flies across the room and fatally impales Ann against a wall.