Sansar

The film is based on the turmoils of the family of a postmaster. The film presents the rift between the family due to clash of egos among the children and their parents.
The family consists of the father Deendayal (Anupam Kher), his wife Godavari (Seema Deo), his older son Vijay (Raj Babbar) a government employee with his wife Uma (Rekha), second son Shiva (Ajinkya Deo), who works in a factory. The youngest brother Vidyasagar (Harish), whose name ironically means ocean of knowledge is struggling to clear school, and their daughter Rajni (Archana Joglekar) who is also working with a private company.
Rajni rejects a prospective candidate of her marriage and declares that she wants to marry a Christian boy Peter who works in her office, although not before the family of the groom, accepting Shiva for their daughter Basanti (Priyanka). Rajni has her way despite pleads from her family, and the parents also reluctantly agree after meeting the family of the boy who turns out to be from an educated and cultured family.
Basanti agrees to help Vidyasagar with his studies, this however takes on a toll on her married life because of the time devoted on Vidya. This leads her to abruptly leave for her father's home without informing her husband's family, making matters worse. Shiva brings her back, but things don't really improve between them.
Uma is pregnant and leaves for her mother's home and returns after a few months with the baby.
In her absence, Rajni has argument with her husband and father-in-law over trivial issues, one day she quits her job and angrily returns home.
Vijay complains to her mother in giving his share of money to the family, claiming that now his family is going to expand and he might not be able to contribute further. His father casually dismisses it, claiming that Shiva contributes the same amount despite earning less than Vijay. The argument escalates to involve Rajni and Basanti as well. It ends with Deendayal asking Vijay to leave his house, upon which Vijay declares that he gave 20000 rupees for Rajni's wedding, he wants it back and would happily leave the house. A heartbroken Deendayal asks his wife to draw a line between the house, restricting his family to have any contact with Vijay. The rest of the family does not dare defy the decision of the father. To take matters further, Deendayal takes voluntary retirement, to collect his funds early, and starts working in double shifts at a shop and as a security guard to pay off the amount asked by Vijay. Uma returns to find the line dividing the house. She teams up with the house maid Gangubai (Aruna Irani) and mother in law to bring the family together.