Bas Ek Pal

Nikhil Kapoor (Sanjay Suri) decides to return from the USA to Mumbai. When he arrives, he decides to chill out at a nightclub. There he meets a woman and instantly falls for her; she, however, doesn't even introduce herself. After he asks her name, she goes away. The next day, Nikhil meets his old friend Rahul (Jimmy Sheirgill). The two play basketball and hang out together. Whilst in the company of Rahul and Steve (Rehaan Engineer), another one of Nikhil's friend; the woman shows up again and she is revealed to be Anamika Joshi (Urmila Matondkar). She walks in with her friend Farhad, and when Nikhil tries to talk to Anamika, Farhad begins to think he is flirting with or disturbing her, and a fight breaks out.
Naturally, Rahul and Steve join in as well. Farhad draws out a gun impulsively and Nikhil snatches it from him, pointing it towards him. In the ensuing scuffle, while Steve tries to stop Nikhil by holding him from behind and Rahul tries to draw Farhad away, a bullet is accidentally shot by Nikhil; hitting Rahul in the back. Steve runs away in panic. Anamika also disappears. Farhad flees the country and quietly leaves for Australia. The police arrive at the scene, and arrest Nikhil. Rahul gets paralysed and loses the use of his legs. When Nikhil is kept in a cell by the police for shooting at Rahul, he tells them to ask Rahul himself, who refuses to speak with him. Also, Nikhil has no way of contacting Anamika to prove his innocence. Three years after having been imprisoned, Ira Malhotra (Juhi Chawla) comes to hear his side of the story and helps bail him out. Now Nikhil gets to meet Rahul and Anamika and eventually finds out that he was lured into a trap by someone, who is still at large. Eventually it turns out that Ira and Rahul were having an affair, and Steve came to know about it. In order to teach Rahul a lesson, at that night in the party, he had pressed the trigger while he was trying to stop Nikhil, with the gun in Nikhil's hand, making it look like Nikhil had done all this. Ira knew this all along, and that's why she helped Nikhil to get bailed out. She tries to leave Steve, and comes to Nikhil, where an angry Steve confronts both of them and threatens them with a gun. Steve shoots Nikhil in the stomach, fatally wounding him. Ira holds herself responsible for whatever wrong has happened to Nikhil and shoots herself leaving Steve shocked and repenting. Steve commits suicide by shooting a bullet in his head and dies instantly.
Anamika and Rahul, fearing the worst, reach Nikhil's house, where a dying Nikhil finally succumbs in Anamika's lap. The movie ends with both Anamika and Rahul standing together, looking towards the sunset, in silence.