Njan Steve Lopez

Steve (Farhaan Faasil) is a college kid whose major concern in life is how to tell his childhood friend Anjali (Ahaana Krishna) that he loves her. He has an iPhone, is on Whatsapp all the time, goes out drinking with his friends and generally lives a carefree life made all the more secure by the fact that Steve's father George is a deputy superintendent of police in Thiruvananthapuram. This idyll is smashed when one day, Steve witnesses a stranger being attacked by men with scythes. Steve isn't able to stop them, but when the attackers leave their victim for dead, Steve takes the injured man to the hospital. It's here that he realizes there is more than what meets the eye. The man he helped is from a criminal gang and it's evident that George is very unhappy that his son has got mixed up in all this. Steve's misgivings intensify when he's called to the police station to identify the attackers in a lineup and none of the men he'd seen are in that lineup. On his way back from the police station, Steve spots one of the scythe-wielding men in a car and decides to follow him. The man whom Steve is following, Hari (Sujit Shankar), seems to be unaware of the college kid tailing him, but of course, that's not really the case. Two of Hari's men knock Steve out. When he comes to, Steve finds himself bound and gagged in a room that overlooks Hari's home. Things become murkier when Hari says he's going to let Steve go and Steve realizes that Hari knows his father. All Steve wants to do is the right and humane thing by the people he encounters, but his acts of kindness just serve to muddle up the situation he's in terribly. Steve realises George and the police force are somehow involved with the gangs and are playing sides, possibly to maintain a peaceful status quo. However, no matter how many times Steve asks, George won't explain to his son precisely how the police are handling the situations. Inevitably, Steve realises that the bad guys have human sides and the police have terrible secrets, but no one has answers to the questions that Steve has. The more he investigates this case in which he has unwittingly become a critical pawn, the more dangerous things turn for him. Aside from Steve, no one seems blameless and yet, he is the one who seems to be suffering the most. Although some of the sequences, like the one in which Steve follows Hari home, can feel a little tedious, the film's tension is sustained by the mystery of how the police are connected to the gangs and whether Steve will be able to find answers to the questions his father refuses to even acknowledge.