Irumbu Kuthirai

Prithviraj Narayanan (Atharvaa) is a Pizza Delivery Boy, his mother is Mary (Devadarshini) and his bestfriends are Jagan (Jagan) and Christina (Raai Laxmi).
Prithviraj receives complaints from his boss (Manobala) for slow pizza delivery, he follows every rule on riding the bike after a bike accident where he witnessed his father's death. Prithvi falls in love with Samyuktha aka Sam (Priya Anand), they become friends and she asks him to buy a bike. Samyuktha suggested him to get a second-hand black Ducati Diavel known as the Raven.
But that very bike brings danger to Prithvi due to a shocking past. One day Prithvi and Sam get into an argument when he attempts to kiss her and she tells him that she only likes him as a friend. On the way home, Samyuktha is kidnapped by mysterious bikers. Prithvi, Jagan and Christina look for clues to find the kidnappers. The kidnapper is revealed to be Don Stoney (Johnny Tri Nguyen) who was the first owner of Prithviraj's bike.
Don Stoney named his bike as the Raven for its extreme speed. Stoney was fired from Motocross in France after he beats a guy to death for scratching his Raven. Stoney is obsessed with his Raven. Stoney's brother, Roger, takes Raven and competes with another racer called Michael (who's always wearing a helmet and whose face is never shown). At the race, Roger loses the Raven to Michael. Unable to face his brother, Roger commits suicide. For 3 years Don Stoney has been searching high and low for his Raven, and the racer Michael - whom he sees as the cause of his brother's death.
Prithvi receives a call from Stoney who asks him to come to his hideout at Mahé if he wants Samyuktha back safely. As Prithvi leaves, Jagan talks to Christina, who reveals the truth about Prithvi - his full name is Michael Prithviraj Narayanan. Prithvi is none other than the Michael who rightfully won the Raven.
Prithvi/Michael enters a race against Stoney and wagers pink slips for the Raven. During the race, Stoney gains an advantage, but loses it when Michael uses his extreme skill to catch up to Stoney, handing the victory to Michael. Afterwards, Stoney releases Samyuktha and says that he does not want the Raven without winning it. He tells Michael that one day he will come back to challenge him again for the Raven, and that until then, Michael is the only other person worthy to possess the Raven. He lets Michael and Samyuktha go, who then leave on the Raven, heading back home.