Loham

A casket containing the body of a deceased construction worker, Rafeeq (Musthafa), is flown from Dubai to the Calicut International Airport in Kozhikode, then transported by ambulance to its destination. While en route, the ambulance is ambushed by criminals hired by Muhammed Unni (Siddique) to retrieve the 100 kilograms (220 lb) of gold that he and his co-smugglers have hidden in the casket. When they open the casket, they discover the gold is missing.
Around the same time, Jayanthi (Andrea Jeremiah) arrives in Kochi from Mumbai in search of her missing husband, Ramesh (Ashvin Mathew), an Indian Revenue Service officer who frequently disappeared from home for various reasons, but is now a suspect in the gold smuggling. Jayanthi arranged for a taxi to drive her to various locations in her quest to find Ramesh. The taxi driver Raju (Mohanlal) appears to have an interest of his own in the circumstances surrounding Ramesh's disappearance. At Jayanthi's bidding, Raju drives her to the home of her mother-in-law (KPAC Lalitha) where he cooks for them and interacts in such a way to earn their trust. Jayanthi then asks Raju to drive her to Kochi to the office of her friend, Chandrasekharan (Vijayaraghavan), assistant commissioner of police. Chandrasekharan promises Jayanthi he will investigate the disappearance of Ramesh. After leaving Chandrasekharan's office, Raju drives Jayanthi to see Chandrasekharan's wife, Advocate Rekha (Muthumany), who is also her friend. During their chat, Jayanthi receives a surprise phone call from Ramesh. He explains that he is in Kovalam for an official meeting but will return home the next day, and insists that Jayanthi return home as well. Chandrasekharan later informs Jayanthi that the phone number Ramesh called from was actually in Kochi, not Kovalam. It is also revealed that Sudheer, Ramesh's brother is involved in the smuggling operation.
Meanwhile, Unni, Babu, Shaji, Shenoy, and MLA meet atop an apartment building to discuss the circumstances surrounding the gold they smuggled into Kozhikode and lost to an ambush while in transit from the airport. They suspect Ramesh is involved since he disappeared right after the incident. They devise a plan to kidnap Jayanthi in order to force Ramesh to return the gold. An unsuspecting Raju and Jayanthi become the targets of their surprise attack in which Jayanthi is rendered unconscious. Raju draws his concealed handgun and foils the kidnapping by shooting at his assailants. He collects the unconscious Jayanthi and transports her to a safe place. When she awakens, she finds herself surrounded by strangers. She also discovers that Raju is not just a taxi driver rather he is part of an investigation to find Ramesh and the missing gold. Raju explains to her that Ramesh was involved in the smuggling, and has since become the target of the criminals. Jayanthi returns to Rekha's home for safety, and Chandrasekharan begins investigating Raju who, in a turn of events, has raised suspicion.
Raju and his team, now disguised as Sabarimala pilgrims, rent a van hoping to catch Jayan. Raju's teammate, Ameer Amanulla (Abu Salim), pretends to be an informer for Arif Bhai (Joy Mathew). He lures Jayan into a trap by telling him a gift from Arif is waiting for him in the van. Jayan is captured and interrogated by Raju who questions the 30,000 Dirham Jayan received from Arif in Dubai, as well as the circumstances surrounding the death of Rafeeq. Jayan reveals that Rafeeq was purposely pushed off a building to his death as part of Arif's master plan to transport the gold, thinking no one would suspect the gold was hidden in his casket. The trail leads Raju to the home of Ramesh's parents where Ramesh has been hiding under the protection of his mother, who is also aware of the smuggling. Raju takes Ramesh into custody along with others involved in the crime but he lets Ramesh go. It is eventually revealed that co-smuggler Shaji (Suresh Krishna), a young politician had deceived Unni and took the gold for himself.
After Raju and his team retrieve the gold, they are detained by local police. Raju identifies himself as a RAW agent and his team as intelligence officers from various agencies of India. He discloses his real name as Rajeev Sathyamoorthy. The police release them so they can complete their investigation and allows them to go back to Mumbai. Near the end of the film, it is revealed that Raju and his team are the actual smugglers.