Vaaranam Aayiram

The film begins with elderly Krishnan (Suriya) returning home after a haircut. Once he reaches home, he vomits profuse amounts of blood and is kept to rest. After the doctor checks him, he is reported dead after a few moments of grief with his lovely wife Malini (Simran), daughter Shreya, and daughter-in-law Priya (Divya Spandana). This news is informed to his son Surya (Suriya), who is on his way to Kashmir on a military mission travelling in a helicopter to rescue a kidnapped journalist from terrorists. He begins to shed tears and starts to think about his memorable moments with his father and the story of how his parents loved each other during their college days.
Krishnan is a student in Madras Christian College, the same college where Malini studies. They fall in love and get married. They soon have a son, Surya. He grows up as a friend to his father. He joins an engineering college near Tiruchi and parts from his family. There, he takes part in cultural activities and develops his guitar skills. When he is on a train back home after completion of college, he meets Meghna (Sameera Reddy), who is doing Computer Science in National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli(Regional College of Engineering,Tiruchirapalli). Instantly smitten by her, he soon proposes to her. She rejects him, saying that they have known each other for a very short period and it's not possible to fall in love without taking time to understand him. Surya then tells her that wherever she goes, he will be able to find her.
Surya is disturbed constantly by Meghna's thoughts and consequently ends up going to her house. There she reveals to him that she is going to University of California, Berkeley in a week to do her Masters in Computer Science. Then, Surya bids adieu to her. After that, Krishnan, gets his first mild heart attack and is admitted to a hospital. Surya feels that he needs to resolve the financial constraints in his family, and so starts an office with his friends and does concerts for money and succeeds.
A few months later, Surya goes to the United States, with the acceptance of his father, and meets Meghna in San Francisco. Though shocked by his presence, Meghna feels relieved to find someone she knows in California. They have the time of their lives there. Meghna is convinced that he is the right person and that he will be accepted by her father, so she proposes to him, much to delight to Surya and his parents. Their happiness does not last long when she goes to Oklahoma City for a project. Surya joins her later travelling by the Greyhound Lines. When he reaches there, he witnesses the Oklahoma City bombing and realises that Meghna is amongst those injured. She dies on her way to the hospital. He meets Shankar Menon at the airport who tries to console him with words and offers him encouragement. A heartbroken Surya returns to India.
A few days later, Surya still cannot take the situation. He starts hanging out with his friends to get over his loss. He meets Priya, his sister's friend. However, the thoughts of losing Meghna still haunt him, and he resorts to taking drugs. Surya's parents try to get him to break the habit by locking him up in his room and removing him from all external contact. Once they detect his withdrawal symptoms, they ask him to take a long break to rejuvenate himself. Subsequently, he takes a leisure trip to Kashmir. There he learns that Aditya, the son of Shankar Menon, the person who inspired him in the airport was kidnapped. He visits them in Delhi. On seeing the lethargic attitude of the police, he takes matters into his own hands and goes in search of the kidnappers. After days of roaming streets and gathering information, he locates the kidnapper Asad (Babloo Prithiveeraj) and the place where Aditya is kept. He battles the kidnappers single-handedly, overpowers them and rescues Aditya.
Back home, Surya starts to go out with Priya. One day Priya proposes to him, but he does not respond. Surya decides that the only way to forget the pain in his body is to prepare it for bigger things. He goes on a strict workout training and joins the army. After six years, Priya comes to the Indian Military Academy where she is posted along him and proposes again; this time he accepts. They marry and have a son. Suddenly, Krishnan is diagnosed with throat cancer and is operated on. After some days, Surya is called upon to go on a mission to rescue a journalist, which brings the scene back to the present day.
After completing the military mission with the help of a masked man (Gautham Vasudev Menon) who tells them where the culprits were, Surya returns home to see his dead father. Surya, his sister Shriya, Malini and Priya let go his father's ashes in the sea and Malini relates her husband's life to Surya by uttering a verse from a prayer. The film ends on a happy note as the four walk away smiling, conveying the message that "Whatever happens, life has to go on."