The Devil is a Woman

The story unfolds amidst the festivities of Seville’s Carnival set in the fin de siècle Spain. The events revolve around four characters – there are no subplots.
Concha "Conchita" Perez: a beautiful, piquant and heartless factory girl who seduces and discards her lovers without remorse – an irresistible femme fatale.
Antonio Garvan: a young bourgeois revolutionary, one step ahead of Seville’s police. He is narcissistic, yet good-natured, and lucky with women.
Captain Don Pasqual Costelar: a middle-aged aristocrat and Captain of the Civil Guard. His conservative exterior conceals powerful salacious impulses.
Governor Don Paquito: A minor character. The despotic commander of Seville’s police force, who is responsible for maintaining order during the festivities,. Don Paquito is susceptible to the charms of attractive women.[1]
The film’s narrative is presented in four scenes, the second of which contains a series of flashbacks.
Scene 1 – The boulevards of Seville are jammed with revelers wearing grotesque costumes, masks and parade sculptures. A detachment of Civil Guards stagger among the masqueraded merrymakers, bewildered by the “riotous disorder”. A frenzied merriment prevails. Antonio Galvan mixes with the crowds, evading the authorities who pursue him. He makes eye contact with the dazzling Concha, who is perched on an garish street float. The coquette flees into throng with Antonio in pursuit: he is rewarded with a secret note inviting him to meet with her in person that evening.
Scene 2 – Antonio has a chance encounter with a friend of years past, Don Pasqual. The younger man, consumed with the image of the lovely Concha, asks the older gentleman what he knows of the mysterious girl. Don Pasqual solemnly relates the details of his fateful relationship with the young temptress in a series of vignettes. His tale is the confession of a man in thrall to the devastating girl. She subjects him to ridicule and humiliation, manipulating Don Pasqual in the manner of a puppet master – to which he submits. His public prestige and authority is shattered and he resigns his commission in disgrace. Satisfied with her conquest, she flings him aside.[2]
Don Pasqual assures Antonio that any desire he has felt for Concha is utterly extinguished. He further exhorts the young man to avoid any contact with the temptress, and Antonio vows to heed his warning.
Scene 3 – Don Pasqual’s cautionary tale has produced the opposite effect on Antonio and he keeps his rendezvous with enigmatic Concha. Alone together in a room at a club nocturne, Antonio confronts her with Don Pasqual’s tale of betrayal. A handwritten note arrives during the interview – a note from Don Pasqual declaring his undying love for Concha. She reads the confidential confession to Antonio, who responses by passionately kissing her. Moments later, Don Pasqual enters their private quarters, where his motivations for lecturing his young rival on the dangers of the devilish Concha are fully exposed. He compounds his duplicity by accusing Antonio of breaking his oath. Concha leaps to Antonio’s defense and insultingly dismisses her erstwhile lover. Don Pasqual slaps Antonio – a formal insult – and a duel is arranged. Don Pasqual departs, after demonstrating his expert marksmanship with a pistol. Concha pledges to accompany Antonio to Paris after the duel.
The suitors meet at a secluded location the following morning. Concha accuses Don Pasqual of threatening to kill “the only man I ever cared for”. When the duelists step to their positions, Don Pasqual declines to discharge his pistol, and is gravely wounded by Antonio’s bullet. The police, notified of the illegal combat, arrive and arrest the fugitive Garvan. Don Paquel is taken to the hospital.
Scene 4 – Concha, desperate to rescue Antonio, turns her charms on Governor Paquito, and obtains his authorization form her lovers release from prison. Paquito gratuitously issues her two passports that will allow them to escape to Paris.
Concha visits the hospital where the mortally wounded Don Pasqual is clinging to life. She acknowledges her debt to her former flame for sparing Antonio’s life; Pasqual spurns her, but she detects that he still adores her.
Concha and Antonia make their way to the border crossing with France and pass customs without incident. The train will depart momentarily, and Antonio eagerly enters their carriage. Concha hesitates, then informs the station master that she is not boarding. When the shocked Antonio calls to her from the window of the moving train, she announces that she intends to rejoin the dying Don Pasqual and she reenters Spain.