Manushulu Mamathalu

Rajarao (Gummadi) is a rich man and has a daughter Radha (Savitri). Radha’s mother dies during her childhood and her father looks after the former ever since that happens. During then Rajarao allows his sister Kanakamma (Hemalatha) and her son Venu (ANR) to stay in his house. Venu’s father dies in Godavari floods. Venu witnesses this sad incident and dreams of becoming engineer and curb such calamities to happen by constructing dams. He studies very hard and shares a good friendship with Radha since childhood. While Venu considers Radha to be a good friend, Radha falls in love with Venu after growing up. One fine day, Radha proposes to Venu but the latter rejects her politely saying he always looked at her as a friend and also says that he would never want to marry in life but settle down as a good engineer and work for the nation. A sensible Radha understands his ambition and respects his decision. Meanwhile, Rajarao has a nephew Seshu (Prabhakara Reddy) and who is a spoiled brat. He has an affair with a prostitute Vani (Rajasri) and plans to marry Radha for the sake of her property. But Radha hates him.
Rajarao’s friend Gopala Rao (Ramana Reddy) is a chief engineer who lives in the city and has a beautiful daughter Indira (Jayalalitha). His brother’s son Bhaskar (Jaggaiah) is a B.A.Graduate but idle in life. On a friendly word, Rajarao gets Radha married to Bhaskar. In the same time, Venu gets a seat in an engineering college and arrives in the town. Gopala Rao offers Venu to study in the college by staying at his place. The jovial Indira falls for Venu and tries to gain his attention in various ways. Venu realizes her intentions and tries to stay away. The more he distances himself from her, she tries with bigger determination. Gopala Rao also wants Venu to become his son-in-law. Meanwhile, Seshu plans to break Radha’s marriage out of anger that he couldn’t marry her. He takes the help of Vani and they both trap Bhaskar. When Venu realizes that Radha’s life is in trouble, he arrives on the scene and repairs the broken relationship between Bhaskar-Radha with the help of Indira.