Daybreakers

In 2019, a plague has transformed most of the world's population into vampires. The human population has plummeted and the need for blood becomes desperate. Vampires deprived of blood for long durations degenerate into "subsiders," psychotic bat-like creatures with no memories of who they were and whose only thought is the craving for blood. The few remaining humans are captured and harvested in laboratory farms while scientists research a synthetic blood substitute.
Edward Dalton (Ethan Hawke) is the head hematologist for the largest supplier of human blood in the US, owned by Charles Bromley (Sam Neill). Edward and colleague Christopher Caruso (Vince Colosimo) are developing a blood substitute.
Driving home from a failed experiment, Dalton accidentally runs another vehicle off the road. Checking on the occupants of the other vehicle, he learns they are humans. With the police approaching, Dalton has them hide in his vehicle. They part ways, but not before their leader, Audrey (Claudia Karvan), learns Edward's name and occupation from the ID badge on his jacket.
At home, Edward is surprised by his estranged brother Frankie (Michael Dorman). Frankie's gift of a bottle of pure human blood re-ignites a long-standing argument over Edward's sympathies towards humans. The argument is cut short when a subsider invades Edward's house, forcing the brothers to kill it.
The next morning, Audrey visits Edward's home and hands him a note with instructions for a meeting. During the meeting, Edward is introduced to Lionel "Elvis" Cormac (Willem Dafoe), a human who was once a vampire. Before he can say how he reverted to human, a military team arrives with Frankie, who had followed Edward and intends to capture both Cormac and Audrey. Audrey manages to knock Frankie unconscious and the three flee. Once they escape, Cormac explains that he was cured of vampirism when he was ejected from his sun-proof vehicle by a crash. Exposed to the sun, Elvis burst into flames, but his life was saved when he landed in a river, having been exposed to the sun for a precise length of time to turn him human again. Edward agrees to help Cormac find a way to recreate the cure.
That night Edward meets more human survivors, as well as Senator Turner (Jay Laga'aia), a vampire who is secretly helping the colony develop a cure. A convoy of humans heading to Audrey's group is ambushed and captured. The soldiers track the position of the vineyard, forcing Turner and the humans to flee. Audrey, Cormac and Edward stay behind so Edward can be cured. Edward is able to recreate the cure Elvis had explained, curing himself of vampirism. They attempt to regroup with Turner and the other humans, only to find they are all dead.
One of the captured convoy, Alison (Isabel Lucas), is revealed to be Charles' human daughter. Charles has Frankie forcibly turn her into a vampire. She refuses to drink human blood, and turns into a subsider. She is rounded up with others and dragged into sunlight to burn to death. Witnessing Alison's death upsets Frankie, causing him to seek out his brother. Meanwhile the military imposes martial law to control the subsider population and preserve order.
Edward, Cormac and Audrey break into Christopher's home and ask him to help spread the cure. However, Christopher has finally discovered a viable blood substitute and is not interested in a cure. He summons soldiers who capture Audrey while Cormac and Edward escape. They are found by Frankie, who agrees to help. He attacks Cormac, but drinking his blood turns Frankie human again; revealing that the risky sunlight cure is unnecessary.
Edward, trying to save Audrey, turns himself in to Charles, who gloats about his new monopoly of the blood substitute. Edward taunts Charles into biting him, making him human again like Frankie.
Edward leaves Charles at the mercy of soldiers who are on the brink of becoming subsiders. Frankie arrives and, surrounded by soldiers, draws their attention to himself to allow Edward and Audrey to escape; a feeding frenzy results, as the hungry soldiers consume first Frankie's blood and then that of the soldiers cured by it, until at last only three soldiers are left standing, cured and bewildered. Christopher, to cover up the cure, shoots the three and is about to shoot Edward and Audrey when Cormac kills him with a crossbow.
The three survivors drive off into the sunrise. In a voice-over, Edward addresses the general population, announcing the cure.