Thenavattu

The film actually starts with Kailasam (Ravi Kale), the somber bigwig is performing the last rites of some one dear to him—but the appearance of Kottai (Jiiva), first in the chaotic Koovagam festival and later atop a Veeranam pipe, swinging a scythe maniacally sets the tone for the rest of the film.
Cut to the flashback a few months ago: In Ramnad, where Kottai's mother (Saranya Ponvannan) is cutting down logs, and boasting about her son: he is a god who deserves to see the outside world and derive its benefits.
And so Kottai journeys to big bad Chennai in company with Vellaiyan (Ganja Karuppu), who dances with every Karagattam dancer on the roadside, makes lewd jokes and appears to have only one thing on his mind. They end up at the massive home of Kailasam, the local terror who slices up people whenever he can—only, our heroes are unaware of the fact.
Kottai and Vellaiyan thinks that all Kailasam does is cut up trees, which is why he requires their aruvaal-making skills but Kottai gets to know that Kailasam hired him to make sickles to kill people. And so Kottai goes to work. So you have Kottai feeding crying children milk, helping men with epileptic seizures and falling in love with the first fair-complexioned, slim beauty he comes across, Gayatri (Poonam Bajwa).
Naturally, Gayatri, as the heroine, is also a wonderfully kind-hearted girl, who wears revealing saris, teaches music to students. Kottai's logic for falling in love with her is that she treats him like his own family.
Meantime, there is yet another villain, Santhosh (Shafi), Kailasam's son, who goes playing musical instruments, mouthing punch lines and raping women left, right and center. There is also a remarkably stupid and one-dimensionally portrayed minister (Rajan P. Dev) and a helpless, frustrated cop Surya Prakash (Sai Kumar) who simply stands like a rock in uniform and he wants to settle a score with Kailasam because his son raped and killed his sister. Naturally, Santhosh goes on raping women, Surya Prakash goes on standing still; Kottai goes on making aruvaals until Santhosh's catches sight of the ravishing Gayatri, touches her inappropriately and all hell breaks loose. Kottai bashes Santhosh, not knowing that he is the son of Kailasam. When Kailasam comes to know that Kottai has beaten his son to death, he tries to take revenge on Kottai. But Kottai, with the help of Suryaprakash, kills Kailasam and minister. The film ends with Kottai returning to his home.