Shivalinga

Raheem (Shakthi Vasudevan) and his well-trained pigeon Saara are alone in a coach aboard a train when a blind man enters and reaches to door.[clarification needed] Raheem saves the man, a killer, who in turn throws Raheem off the moving train to his death. Raheem's death is ruled a suicide, but Raheem's fiancée Sangeetha (Vaishali Deepak) knows that Raheem had no reason to kill himself. The same night, Raheem appears in Sangeetha's dream and says that he was murdered. The following day, Raheem's case is forwarded to the CID Shiva[clarification needed] at Sangeetha's request.
Shiva (Shiva Rajkumar) is a strict CID officer who is married to a thrill-seeker named Satya(Vedhika). The two live near a cemetery. Shiva is assigned Raheem's case and begins the investigation. The same night, Satya sees a ghost of child, and Satya is frighted by this. Shiva, however, cannot see that ghost and thinks that Satya is imagining it. The following day, Shiva visits Raheem's home to investigate Raheem's relationship with his father and with Sangeetha. Shiva suspects Sangeetha's father (Avinash) is responsible for Raheem's death.
Satya's behavior becomes erratic. She drives around the city while wearing a black dress, she's redecorated the house with green curtains and lights, and she has cooked Biriyani, even though she has never made the dish before. Later a house servant (Sadhu Kokila) and a few other maids tell Shiva about Satya's strange behavior. Shiva meets his friend Ashok, who is a psychiatrist. He advises Shiva to observe her behavior secretly. That night, Shiva returns home early. He hears a man's voice and smells a cigar burning. He heads to Satya's room and is shocked to discover that Raheem's soul has possessed Satya's body. Raheem warns Shiva, that he must solve Raheem's murder.
Shiva accesses the security footage at the Bangalore railway station and discovers that the blind man is the killer. Shiva tracks down the blind man and chases him, finally cornering him on a train coach with no passengers. Satya, who is still possessed by Raheem, enters and demands to know why the blind man killed him. The blind man tries to escape by jumping out of the moving train, but falls to his death. Shiva takes Satya to Darga, where they meet and informs Satya mother only.[clarification needed] Baba (Pradeep Rawat) helps them to send Raheem' soul out but temporary. He[clarification needed] tells Shiva that solving Raheem case is the only solution for helping Satya.[clarification needed] Shiva starts the investigation piece by piece, and Raheem's pigeon Sara helps Shiva by giving clues. Shiva interrogates Satya at the CID Conference Hall regarding Raheem. Satya reveals that the deceased person (Raheem) gets her Tablet Mobile, which was robbed by a pickpocketer and returns it back. Satya gets a snap of Raheem for the sake of friendship. Satya's friend was felt jealous, while getting a snap of Raheem {This guy was loving Satya and Satya denied his love}. With a wrath of ruining satya's life, the guy had made a call to Satya's residential landline. It was Satya's father (Ashok), who was spying on Satya's activities, lifted the call and heard the entire conversation, which made him wrath to kill innocent Raheem. Then after unveiling the truth, the ghost of Raheem possess Satya's father and kills him instantaneously.[vague]