The Little Girl Who Was Too Fond of Matches (La petite fille qui aimait trop les allumettes)

In rural 1930s Quebec, Alice lives in house with older brother, known only as Frère, and their father Mr. Soissons, a recluse who is feared and hated in the village. Armed with rifles, Soissons and Frère forbid anyone from entering their property. Soissons has raised Alice as a boy, cutting her hair short and breast binding her, and tells her she is a boy whose penis fell off when she was small. Soissons also tells his children he created them out of clay. As Alice has doubts as to these stories, Frère finds her outside of the house reading a book, memoirs of the Duc de Saint-Simon, that Soissons has banned, and rapes her. Alice also finds Soissons in the shed, where he is feeding pieces of food to a mysterious person in chains; Soissons describes this as a "just punishment," the figure being known as Juste. At night, Mr. Soissons enters his children's bedroom and inspects Alice, discovering she is pregnant. He begins beating Frère, whom he realizes has impregnated her, though neither of his children understand this.
Soissons commits suicide by hanging; Frère and Alice discover the nude body, with Alice staring at his penis and Frère openly wondering if it is key to their origin. They decide the body must be buried, but Alice declares they need a coffin and takes Mr. Soissons' horse to the village, where she has never been before. As she rides the horse, she feels sexually stimulated, until she comes across a church in congregation. Drawn in my the music, she leads her horse into the building, where the attendees and priest react with shock and anger. They drag her out, and force her to reveal that Mr. Soissons is dead, and that he had two "sons", one of whom is her. When she bites the priest's hand, he angrily orders her taken away. Several men take her to a barn and tie her to a pole. One of the churchgoers, a young man named Paul-Marie, then enters and unties her, tells her she is female, and notices she is pregnant. Paul-Marie tells her the villagers will come to the house since they know Mr. Soissons is dead, and that Alice will likely be confined to an orphanage or convent.
Alice returns to the house to warn Frère that the villagers will come, believing they are evil, and finds Frère trying to dismember their father's body to bury it. Frère picks up a rifle and declares himself the new master of the domain; Alice tells him to feel her belly, as she has experienced quickening. She then goes to the shed, where she frees Juste, a scarred and mute woman. Alice tells Juste she has learned where life comes from. Paul-Marie arrives to warn Alice and Frère that the priest, coroner, pathologist and armed police are marching to the property. Frère chases Paul-Marie off the land with his rifle, but Alice climbs onto Paul-Marie's motorcycle as they attempt to escape. Frère fires his weapon, killing Paul-Marie and causing the motorcycle to crash.
The villagers capture and restrain Frère while Alice stands over Juste with an ax. She gathers her belongings and goes back into the house, where she finds a charred corpse she refers to as Mama. As Alice's water breaks, she flashes back to playing with a sparkler as a little girl, in the presence of her mother. When the sparkler runs out, she picks up matches and lights one, accidentally igniting the dress of her sister. The mother attempts to save the sister, but also catches fire. The father rushes in and attempts to put out the fire on his daughter, leaving his wife to burn. In the present, Alice lights matches again and proceeds to burn the house down. In labour, she wanders into the forest, where she gives birth and clutches her child.