Layer Cake

A 30-something man (XXXX), is a London underworld criminal who has established himself as one of the biggest cocaine suppliers in the city, with effective legitimate cover. Considering himself a businessman and patience as a prime virtue, XXXX leaves the darker aspects of the business to his henchman Morty, a man having recently ended a 10-year prison sentence for murder. Once he has earned enough to ensure his long-term financial security, XXXX plans to retire.
On the evening XXXX intends to set these plans into motion, his sponsor and powerful supplier Jimmy Price puts two crucial missions in his hands. The first is to track down Charlie, the teenage daughter of Jimmy's associate Eddie Temple, who has fled a rehabilitation centre along with her drug-addicted boyfriend Kinky. XXXX decides to enlist two con men, Cody and Tiptoes, to perform this task. They investigate, and find the boyfriend dead and Charlie apparently kidnapped, although no ransom has been demanded.
The second mission Jimmy assigns to XXXX is to organise the purchase and distribution of one million ecstasy tablets from a low-level gangster who styles himself "The Duke". Unbeknownst to XXXX, the pills had been stolen from a gang of Serbian war criminals based in the Netherlands, a massive drug production outfit with an honour-avenging bent.
XXXX encounters the Duke's out-of-touch nephew Sidney at a bar and becomes attracted to his disillusioned girlfriend Tammy. XXXX tries to broker the sale of the ecstasy pills to Liverpool gangsters Trevor and Shanks, but they refuse, informing him of the drugs' purloined nature, and that in response the Serbs have sent an assassin, known as Dragan, to find the pills and kill those responsible for their theft. Duke had mentioned XXXX's name to the Serbs beforehand, so he too is in danger. Members of the Duke's gang soon start turning up dead and the Duke himself goes missing.
XXXX arranges a tryst with Tammy, but before it can be consummated, he is kidnapped by henchmen of Eddie Temple, father of Charlie, the missing girl. Eddie informs him that Jimmy Price has recently lost £13 million in a failed investment in Africa and planned for XXXX to find Charlie so Jimmy could take her hostage until Eddie could get him his money back. Jimmy was also hoping to sell the pills to recoup his losses; Eddie then plays XXXX a recording indicating that Jimmy has been a long-term informant for Scotland Yard and intends to betray XXXX to the police as soon as the deal is done, planning to gain clemency from the deal and also take away XXXX's wealth. Eddie demands that XXXX sells the pills to himself instead.
A furious XXXX shoots and kills Jimmy at his home, but does so with a gun that Gene, Jimmy's henchman and his main liaison with XXXX, had used to commit a prior murder, putting Gene under police attention. XXXX then discovers that his accountant, who operated his legitimate front and was referred to him by Jimmy Price, has stolen all of his money and disappeared. Gene and Morty initially suspect XXXX of foulplay; after being shown the evidence of Jimmy's snitching, the pair acknowledge XXXX as the group's new acting boss and show him the corpse of the Duke. Gene killed him along with girlfriend and crime-partner, Slasher, when the latter threatened to alert the police about the pills.
To recoup something from the fiasco, XXXX tips the police off to the Duke's hideout, who then conduct a raid. XXXX is intentionally present during the raid to feign purchasing the pills from the Duke's crew, and Dragan, who has been following XXXX, witnesses the raid from afar as the police confiscate the drugs while XXXX and Duke's surviving crew escape. Meanwhile, XXXX has arranged for Cody and Tiptoes to infiltrate the raiding police and con the unit out of the pills. XXXX delivers the severed head of the Duke to Dragan as a peace offering, who reports back to his Serbian boss that the police have seized the drugs. Cody and Tiptoes return the drugs to XXXX in exchange for a fee, and XXXX in turn looks to sell them to Eddie Temple as planned. However, during the handover at the latter's bonded warehouse, Eddie's henchmen rob his crew of the drugs at gunpoint. To end XXXX's faux assignment given by Jimmy, Eddie reveals that his daughter Charlie's boyfriend died at his men's hands; she was recovered before Jimmy Price ever tasked XXXX with finding her, and Eddie had her put back into rehab all this time.
To mollify XXXX, Eddie gives him a "Welcome to the Layer Cake": a membership to the Stoke Park Country Club of which he is (and Jimmy was) a member. Expecting betrayal, XXXX successfully arranges for Trevor, Shanks, and young Dizzy to steal the drugs back from Eddie's men. The gang assembles for lunch at the Stoke Park Club, honoring XXXX their new boss. However, he declines, stating his intention to stick to his planned retirement all along. When leaving the club with Tammy, mentally running through the names of his fellow murdered businessmen he hopes to avoid joining, XXXX is shot by a heart-broken Sidney. XXXX collapses bleeding, and he lies twitching on the front steps while contemplating his possible death.