Podhuvaga En Manasu Thangam

Two nearby villages in the southern suburbs of Theni, share the same God as their "Kula Dheivam" and the Idol is to be shared between them during the festivals. Oothukattaan is a rich big shot in his village. He has a grudge against the other village, as he was insulted by them, a long time ago. Since then, he promised himself to keep the God's idol in his village forever. In order to destroy the neighboring village, he plans to evacuate the entire village population. So, he uses his power and wealth to stop all the government projects and welfare facilities from reaching the other village and make it a barren land, which forces people to evacuate slowly and move to other places in search of livelihood. He even helps the jobless youths in that village to get jobs in neighboring cities, thus reducing the population of the other village.
Ganesh is a jobless, but intelligent youth living in the other village. Though he is jobless, he has earned a good name for himself among the villagers, by doing social services and helping in the development of the village. He roams along with his friend 'Tiger' Pandi and have fun. Oothukaattan, who realizes that as long as Ganesh lives in that village, he cannot evacuate it. So he decides to get rid of him. He offers Ganesh a job, for which he initially agrees. Later Ganesh comes to know that Oothukaattan has a sister, whom he has married to the neighboring village and has done so many welfare schemes there. So Ganesh decides to woo and marry, Leelavathi aka Leela, the daughter of Oothukaattan, thinking that Oothukaattan will develop the village, where his daughter is going to live. Ganesh successfully woos Leela and they fall in love.
Oothukaattan plans to bring a beer factory in the next village, so that their water resources will be depleted, forcing the villagers to move from there. He also comes to know that Ganesh has wooed Leela, and plans to get rid of Ganesh. So he tricks the villagers to send him out of the village. Ganesh requests for a poll and promises that he will leave, if the majority of the village are against him. Due to Oothukaattan's plans, Ganesh loses the election and leaves. Now, Oothukaattan buys the farmlands of the villagers for the factory. Ganesh refuses to sell his land, which is in the middle of the plot. This infuriates the factory owners and they realize that they can′t build a factory if, Ganesh doesn′t sell his land. So the villagers request Ganesh to come back. He comes back and finds out that Oothukaattan is behind all this.
Leela is infuriated to find out that Ganesh wooed her for his village's benefit and ends breaking up with him. Meanwhile, the village festival is around the corner, during which Oothukaattan plans to destroy the village. Will Ganesh save the village? Will he be able to consummate Leela? Will he break Oothukaattan's plans, forms the rest of the story.