Five Star

The story focuses on 5 friends Prabhu, Elango, Sundar, Indra and Priya at the Madras Institute of Technology, who want to remain friends throughout their lifespan and hope to join the same company after graduation. During a vacation Elango, goes home where he is forced to get married to his rustic cousin, Eshwari by his tough disciplinarian father. Once back to college he hides the fact about his marriage to his friends but later the marriage becomes public when relatives of Eshwari come to visit Elango. While their dream to work together becomes true, Elango alone gets a transfer to Bombay. The friends fight but later reunites back. Before Elango goes Bombay the friends force him to visit his wife and put him on a train. But Elango manages to get off the train and from there loses touch with his friends and family in the village.
The friends part and 6 years later Prabu and Sundar come back to join Priya and Indra in Chennai. On the train journey back, Prabu meets Elango's wife Eashwari. Prabu falls in love with Eashwari without realizing who she is. Eventually he along with his friends finds out the truth about Eashwari, who is waiting with hopes of her husband to return. The four friends decided to help Eshwari find the whereabouts of Elango. One day Prabu finds out that Elango might be in Switzerland. Prabu decides to go to Switzerland. One fine day he finds Elango but to his shocks Elango has a kid and is married to a Swiss woman. Meanwhile, in India Elango's dad commit suicide. Prabu goes back to India and there he comes to know that everyone knows about Elango's marriage.
Eshwari decides to get married again and move on with life rather than thinking about Elango. Her village people decides to marry her off to one of her relative but she threatens them telling them off that she would decide her own life and no one is going control her life anymore. The story ends with all the 4 friends and their husbands and wife along with Eshwari enjoining day off at the beach.