Oppam

Jayaraman was born blind, but has a heightened sense of smell, hearing and touch and is an expert in the martial art of kalaripayattu. Part of a large family, he works as a lift operator and caretaker in a Kochi apartment building and is struggling to earn money for his sister's wedding. Jayaraman is loyal to Krishnamoorthy, a retired Supreme Court chief justice who lives in the building, and accompanies Krishnamoorthy unquestioningly on a long search for someone.
On one trip, Krishnamoorthy tells Jayaraman the story behind his search. Years ago, a man named Vasudevan (Vasu) was imprisoned by Krishnamoorthy for a crime he did not commit; the judge followed the letter of the law, although he knew that Vasu was innocent. As a result, Vasu's family poisoned themselves. Vasu, insane with grief, resolves to avenge his loss and tells Krishnamoorthy that he will kill him and his family. Vasu has been released from prison, and Krishnamoorthy feels threatened.
Krishnamoorthy has a young daughter, Nandini, and is afraid that Vasu will kill her if he learns of her existence. To keep her safe, he sent her to a convent school and she knows nothing about him. Nandini's only link to her father is via Jayaraman, who frequently visits her at Krishnamoorthy's request. She asks Jayaraman about her father at each visit, and he replies that he will bring him the next time.
Krishnamoorthy asks Jayaraman to help him transfer money from his bank account to another account he opened for Nandini. To reduce scrutiny, they avoid an electronic transfer. Jayaraman withdraws the money and gives it to Krishnamoorthy; the transaction is seen by Devayani, a divorcee and maid in the apartment building. Krishnamoorthy puts the money in a safe in his apartment.
A large wedding takes place, to which everyone in the building is invited. Jayaraman goes to Krishnamoorthy's apartment after the party to find him dead and the money missing from the judge's safe. He senses the presence of someone else in the apartment; the killer tries to escape, but Jayaraman subdues him. After learning Jayraman is blind, Vasu, the killer sneak past him and escapes in a car.
In the chaos, it is discovered that Krishnamoorthy's money is missing and the police accuse Jayaraman of stealing it. They learn at the police station that Devayani's brother had the money, but Jayaraman is charged with murder. He vainly pleads for a chance to find the killer, whose presence he could sense. After Jayaraman is beaten by the police during an interrogation, he fights back and escapes. He tries to hide Nandini from Vasu with the aid of his friend Ganga, a police officer.
Jayaraman reveals to Ganga that Nanidini is actually Vasu's daughter, whom the madman is trying to kill. He, Nandini and Ganga hide in the convent under the Mother Superior's supervision. Vasu arrives, and when he approaches Nandini Jayaraman calls his cell phone. When Jayaraman hears the ringtone, he shoots Vasu dead. The film ends with Jayaraman and Nandini beginning a life together as a loving father and daughter.