The Boy and the Beast

Nine-year-old Ren (蓮) has recently lost his divorced mother. With no news of his father and refusing to live with his legal guardians, Ren flees into the streets of Shibuya. Ren steals some food and sleeps in an alley, reminiscing the aftermath of his mother's funeral.
In the Beast Kingdom (渋天街, jūtengai), the lord has decided he will retire in order to reincarnate as a deity and names two potential successors: the popular Iôzen, who is also the father of two children, and the powerful Kumatetsu (熊徹), who is lonely and lazy. The Grandmaster (宗師, Shūshi) suggests that Kumatetsu find a disciple in hopes of inspiring him to succeed him.
While wandering the streets of Tokyo with his makeshift companion, Tatara(多々良), Kumatetsu meets Ren and suggests that the boy becomes his disciple. Though Ren is fiercely opposed, he follows Kumatetsu back to the Beast Kingdom out of curiosity but is unable to go back to the human world. As he watches a battle between Iôzen and Kumatetsu, Ren is impressed with Kumatetsu's persistence despite the lack of support from onlookers. When Ren cheers for him, Kumatetsu is easily defeated. However, the Grandmaster declares the actual duel of succession has not come yet.
Taking Ren as a disciple, Kumatetsu gives him a new name, Kyûta (九太 Kyūta) in relation to his age. Their initial training sessions go poorly, but Kyûta realizes that he can learn from Kumatetsu by imitating him by performing household tasks. The boy gradually finds that he can predict his master's movements to improve his fighting skills and they soon begin in training together for eight years.
Now as a teen, Kyûta has become a distinguished kendo practitioner. Through his relationship with Kyûta, Kumatetsu gained his own following of supporters, including the younger son of Iôzen, Jirōmaru, who wishes to be trained by Kumatetsu. Kyûta finds a way back to the human world, and befriends Kaede (楓), a young student. In the process, Kyûta finds his father, who had been searching for Ren since he disappeared and wants to catch up. Torn by his double life, he is unable to reconcile the resentment he had as Ren and the lack of connections he has as Kyûta. When he rejects both his father and Kumatetsu, he discovers a powerful void within himself that nearly overwhelms him until Kaede calms him down and gives him a bracelet that has helped her when she becomes anxious.
On the day of the succession duel, Kumatetsu loses confidence without Kyûta's encouragement and is nearly subdued by Iôzen (猪王山 Iōzen). However, Kyûta has been secretly watching and reveals himself, helping Kumatetsu defeat Iôzen. When Kumatetsu is declared the winner and the new lord, Iôzen's elder son Ichirôhiko (一郎彦 Ichirōhiko) is revealed to be a human who had been found on the streets of Tokyo as an infant and adopted by Iôzen. Having developed a vacuum in his heart like Kyûta, unwilling to believe that he is a human and not a beast, Ichirôhiko manifests telekinetic powers and seriously injures Kumatetsu with Iôzen's sword. Kyûta is nearly overtaken by his own emptiness and tries to kill Ichirôhiko, but regains his senses with Kaede's bracelet as Ichirôhiko is consumed by darkness and disappears.
Kyûta decides to leave for the human world to fight Ichirôhiko. When Kaede refuses to leave him, they are attacked by Ichirôhiko, who takes the form of a destructive whale. Unable to hold his own against Ichirôhiko, the young man decides to use the vacuum within himself to absorb his opponent's negative energy and then kill himself, saving everyone else. However, Kumatetsu uses his new privilege as the lord and reincarnates as a deity, taking the form of a sword "to be handled with the heart" in reference to their first training session together. He merges with his pupil's form, filling his empty void within him, and defeats his enemy without killing him. Ichirôhiko wakes up surrounded by his adoptive family.
In the aftermath, Ren celebrates his victory with Kaede in the Beast Kingdom and returns to the human world. After reconciling with his father and himself, he attends the local university and keeps Kumatetsu within his heart.