Darling 2

The film opens with a girl coming to see her parents getting possessed by a ghost.
The scene shifts to 5 friends who plan for a trip to Valparai. Aravind initially reluctant to go, later accepts to have fun with his friends. They travel together when one of his friends while clearing up his room visualize eerie things but refuses to tell his friends as he would be teased. They all reach Valparai and meet Valparai Varadhan who gets things done for them.
Ayesha, lover of their friend Ram brings them dinner. Mysterious things occur and the friends think it is Krishna, brother of their dead friend Ram is possessed. Later when they check the photo taken they see Ram with them. Now they understand that it is Ram who is responsible for all the eerie things.
They go to Aravind to tell him about Krishna, they come to know that it is Aravind who is possessed by Ram and not Krishna. Ram narrates the story, telling that his friend Aravind promised him to get permission for Ram from his parents to marry his girlfriend Ayesha. His parents did not accept her as she is a Muslim. Aravind tells Ram and Ayesha to stay at Valparai for few days and by then his parents would accept.
One day Ram's parents make another arrangement for his wedding. But when Ram calls he says that convincing his parents can never happen as they dislike Ayesha. Then later Aravind receives a call from Rafiq that Ram has slit his hands and has committed suicide. In order to avoid Ayesha getting hurt, Aravind hides it from her and goes to Ram's house.
Now the scene shifts to Aravind possessed by Ram tells that he needs only Aravind to be killed and he will never do anything to his brother Krishna or other three of them. The friends seek help from Valparai Varadhan and try to tie a holy string. After several attempts they do it and bring Aravind back. They go to the place where Ayesha lived and are shocked to see that she has already committed suicide on knowing about the death of Ram. It was her spirit who brought dinner for them.
On that day when they are about leave Valparai, they are confronted by Ram and Ayesha, Aravind says that he is ready to die for this friend and says the story. It was Ram's birthday, so to surprise him, Aravind had told him to come to a place. The place is then revealed to be the Register's office to get Ram and Ayesha married. Aravind wanted to surprise Ram by giving him a birthday gift who is going to be Ayesha. So he mischievously lies telling that his parents will not accept Ayesha and tells him to stop spoiling Ayesha's life. Taking this seriously Ram commits suicide. Aravind feels sorry for him and asks to take his life but after forgiving him.
Ram says he either has to kill Aravind or he needs to live a life through Aravind. The screen goes blank and after few weeks, Aravind is engaged to the same girl who was possessed in the beginning which implies that Ram and Ayesha will live together with the help of Aravind and his wife. [2]