Iyarkai

Iyarkai is a familiar love triangle that plays out in unfamiliar surroundings. It revolves around a girl and the two men who love her but by placing the happenings in a port town of Rameswaram, the director manages to give the proceedings a fresh feeling.
Mukundan (Arun Vijay) is an Indian Ship Captain who lives in Rameshwaram. Marudhu (Shaam), an orphaned ship mechanic and sailor, also lives in Rameswaram and decides to give up his sailing life and settle down there. He develops a liking for Nancy (Kutti Radhika), who sells fruits and other items to sailors on ships that have arrived at the port, but she still holds a candle for the captain of a ship that docked there three years ago. Though Nancy had proposed to him three years ago, he declined stating that 17 was a very young age to marry. Now to everyone's surprise, the captain is revealed to be Mukundan, who had realised Nancy's true love for him. Hence he had promised her that he would return in a year, but three years later, Nancy has still not given up hope. Marudhu helps Nancy to search for Mukundan using his knowledge of ships and naval technology, but when he reveals that even he loves Nancy, she distances himself from him. However, they reconcile and become friends. All hope is lost to find Mukundan, as they see the captain junior, now as the first officer of another ship. The captain junior reveals that the captain's ship was destroyed in a blast.
Soon Marudhu's ship is scheduled to leave by the night of 25 December to Africa. Marudhu can decide to join or leave by then. All of them pressurise Nancy to leave her ideas about Mukundan and marry Marudhu. After a very long thought, she agrees by the night of the 24th and arrangements are made for the wedding next day, but Mukundan returns, surprises Nancy and Marudhu finds him kissing her hand in the crowd. He decides that he is the best for her.
She is in a dilemma whether to choose Mukundan or Marudhu, and finally selects the former leaving mixed feelings of joy and sorrow. Marudhu leaves India in his ship seeking more journeys and promising never to return to his home—Tamil Nadu.