Raju Gari Gadhi 2

The film begins with 3 youngsters Ashwin (Ashwin Babu), Kishore (Vennela Kishore), Praveen (Praveen), who are friends from college days, deciding to lead a life by investing in a resort business. As they start the business, everything goes smoothly until they begin to witness paranormal activities in the resort, making their lives tougher. Immediately, they contact a nearby church Father (Naresh) but it fails miserably and their fear of that ghost increases more. The Father suggests them to approach a world-renowned mentalist Rudra (Akkineni Nagarjuna) who has parlor tricks, mental tenacity to make clever guesses, special powers of contacting with the spirits and also assists the Police Department as human lie detector with his cold reading techniques.
Rudra decides to solve out the mystery in the resort. Beyond a shadow of the doubt, he finds out it is a soul of a girl Amrutha (Samantha Akkineni) who is seeking answers for her death. Rudra ensures Amrutha he will definitely help her. So she starts revealing her past. Amrutha was a bright and intelligent student who has grown up with values and norms given by her father Parandhamaiah (Rao Ramesh). While out on a college excursion, somebody secretly films her nude body while bathing in the same resort and uploaded on the internet which leads to her father’s death in shock. After that Amrutha also committed suicide due to the pain which was given by the society. Now Rudra starts his investigation to catch the real culprit. At last, he cracks the mystery it was Kiran (Abhinaya) daughter of Chandra Shekar (Devan) Vice Chancellor of the Institution, who was jealous of Amrutha's popularity and the fondness of her love interest Nandu (Nandu) towards Amrutha. After learning the truth, Amrutha tries to kill Kiran but Rudra obstructs her way by remembering the morals taught by her father and make her soul rest in peace. Finally, the movie ends with the 3 youngsters running their resort successfully with a caution that cell phones are not allowed and Rudra moving towards a new mission.