Vangaveeti

Set up in the 1970s Vijayawada, Vangaveeti Ranga's elder brother, Vangaveeti Radha also known as "Bustand Radha" (played by Sandeep Kumar in dual role), gets associated with Communist Party of India, secretary for Vijayawada, Venkata Rathnam (played by Vamsi Nakkanti). After few years, conflicts arise between Venkata Rathnam, and Vangaveeti Radha, to get a hold on Vijayawada transport business, dominated by the followers of Venkata Rathnam.
In 1972, Venkata Rathnam is murdered by Vangaveeti Radha and his supporters. These events in turn leads to the retaliation by rival group, and the murder of Vangaveeti Radha. Upon the death of Vangaveeti Radha, his brother Mohana Ranga takes over the leadership of United independent Organization with the support of student union leaders Devineni Gandhi (played by Kautilya), and Devinei Nehru (played by Shritej)
However, leadership issues and power struggles between politically powerful Mohana Ranga, and the Devineni Family leads to the splitting of United independent organization, and in retaliation Mohana ranga's associate's murder Devineni Gandhi in 1979. At this juncture, Mohana Ranga's political career begins in 1981, when he contests in the municipal election when the Indian National Congress Party withdrew its official candidate in his favor. Later, His rival in the district, Nehru, gets sponsored by the Telugu Desam Party (TDP), which was dominated by the Kamma caste, while Ranga becomes a leader of the Kapu community. Ranga becomes an MLA for the Congress Party in 1985; Nehru becomes a TDP MLA, and eventually a minister.
Starting in 1983 both leaders implicate themselves in gang warfare, which was fed by caste rivalry between Kamma and Kapu; while N. T. Rama Rao (played by unknown actor) was at the time the first Kamma Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. In 1988, Devineni Nehru's younger brother, Devineni Murali (played by Vamsi Chaganti) is murdered by Mohana Ranga's associates in retaliataion to his killings of few Rangas associates. Subsequently, while on a hunger strike demanding greater personal protection in connection with him being accused of complicity in Devineni Murali and Devineni Gandhi's murders, a group of men led by political rivals in the region, attack Mohana Ranga's camp in the early hours of December 25, 1988.