Major Grom

Three armed men, dressed in red sports suits and disguised as hockey players villains from the popular Soviet cartoon "Puck! Puck!", break into a fictitious "Rosgarantbank" in St Petersburg to rob it. They intimidate visitors and try to find the manager who must have the keys to the bank safe. Unable to find him, the leader of the gang grabs a little girl and threatens to shoot her if the manager does not come to him in a few seconds. As a result, a man appears from the opposite side of the room, representing as the manager, with the appropriate badge on his chest. The leader sends another member of the gang, nicknamed "The Psycho", with him to the safe. They approach the door, the man looks for the keys and opens it. The bandit first roars in anger, not seeing a mountain of money in front of him, but later finds inside a separate depository for cash savings and gold. In the euphoria from a lot of money, the robber begins feverishly putting everything into a cart. After a while, he is trying to pull up this case and the manager himself, who watched all the action from the side. "Psycho" approaches him and sharply notices that his face does not coincide with the manager's photo on the badge. Being exposed, the man shock the robber.
Nervous because of the long absence of "The Psycho", the "Leader" sends the third member of the gang, "Buster", to see what he is doing. "Buster" finds "Psycho" unconsciousness on the floor in the safe, and tries to bring him to life when a "false manager" appears from the shadows, rendering him harmless. A man comes out of the vault and meets the bank guard, very surprised by what is happening. The man is represent himself as major of the Police Igor Grom, he asks the security guard not to disturb him and wait in a safe place.
The action of the film is re-transferred at the beginning of the robbery, showing Grom trying to withdraw money from the ATM. While the robbers take visitors hostage and search for a manager, Grom calculates possible options for neutralizing the criminal band, but realizes that an open confrontation with armed robbers will end badly either for himself or for some of the hostages. At this time, he notices the real bank manager creeping out of the shelter and decides to pretend to be him. After that, the action returns back to the present time. "The leader" is trying to hide the panic that arises because of the loss of his comrades. Suddenly, a cart with the disarmed "Psycho" and "Buster" comes up to him, then Major Grom comes out. The furious "Leader" starts to shoot from all the weapons that he has in the direction of the major, but the later manages to hide behind the wall in time. Nevertheless, the robber continues to fire on the bare wall until he remains without ammunition. In a panic, he has enough money, which he managed to steal, and tries to hide. Grom meets another guard, like two drops of water similar to the first, and asks them to look after the criminals, and he goes after the "Leader".
While Grom talks to the guard, the "Leader" sits in the car and tells to the driver, another accomplice of the robbery nicknamed "Vodila", to leave the bank as soon as possible, but he starts to waste time. They drive off just when Grom leaves the bank, but they can not go far away - at the intersection the car is knocked down by a garbage truck. The Driver turns out to be badly wounded, and the "Leader" gets off only with a couple of scratches. He climbs out of the car and runs towards the hotel under construction. Major Grom catches up with the villain, and between them begins a fight, at the end of which the contused Grom loses. While Grom comes to, the criminal runs up the stairs to the top of the building. To shorten the path, Grom climbs onto the statue of Poseidon and jumps from it to the third floor. The pursuit continues and every time the hero overtakes the "leader", the late manages to escape. In the end, Grom waits for the robber behind one of the wooden walls and carries it while the "Leader" runs past.
The action is transferred to the news studio, where TV presenter Anna Terebkina tells about the rendered robbers, the capture of which is the merit of Major of the MVD, Igor Grom.
Before the beginning of the credits, a scene is shown showing the Plague Doctor, lighting a match and throwing it to the ground, after which a bright flame flares up.