Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga

Sakthi (Karthik) is the only son of rich landlord (Vinu Chakravarthy) in a village. Sakthi roams around with his uncle Kundalakesi (Goundamani) without taking any responsibilities which irritates his father. One day, Sakthi meets Indhu (Rambha) in his village and it is love for him at first sight. He meets Indhu on a few more instances and proposes his love. Though reluctant at first, Indhu also falls for Sakthi.
Sakthi’s father meets his close friend (Jaiganesh) after so many years and they decide to get their children married to each other. Sakthi gets furious hearing this and requests his father to stop the wedding plans for which his father does not agree. As Sakthi is scared of this father, he is unable to convey about his love.
Sakthi formulates a plan along with Kundalakesi andhis friend Madhi (Vivek). They plan to create some problem during their families meet, so that the wedding will be cancelled. On the day of meeting, Sakthi and his side kicks try so many things to disturb the gathering but all goes in vain.
Finally Sakthi falsely accuses that bride’s family members speak ill about Sakthi’s family which bring about heated argument. In between the argument, Sakthi hits the bride’s father to blow up the problem but is shocked to see Indhu over there dressed up as the bride. Only then Sakthi realizes that the bride is none other than Indhu and feels bad that he has spoiled the event.
Indhu is angered seeing Sakthi hit her father and ditches him and leaves to Chennai. Sakthi’s father is equally angry over his friend believing the false accusation made by Sakthi. Sakthi tries to convince but neither his father nor Indhu gets convinced. Sakthi comes to Chennai to meet Indhu and explain her about the incident. Indhu, though reluctant to meet Sakthi at first, later understands his position and accepts him. Sakthi saves a girl Latha (Indhu) from committing suicide and the local inspector (Madhan Bob) misunderstands them as couples. Also Madhi is married to a rich businesswoman Savithri (Anju) who is arrogant. Madhi romances with another girl (Vichithra) and when Savithri spots them together he manages by introducing her as Sakthi’s wife. Another man (S.S.Chandran) mistakes Sakthi as his son in law.
Finally Sakthi convinces both his father and Indhu’s father and their wedding is arranged. A few hilarious events happen when everyone (Madhan Bob, Anju and S.S.Chandran) attends the wedding misunderstanding Sakthi as a cheat. Everything is sorted out when the girls involved open up the truth to everyone and in the end Sakthi unites with Indhu.