Kuch Naa Kaho

This plot is all about a woman named Namrata- how she was abandoned by her own lover.
Raj is a happy and free-spirited American bachelor who visits his ancestral homeland in Mumbai, India in order to attend his cousin's wedding where he finds himself pushed towards marriage by his overzealous uncle (Satish Shah). His uncle's employee, Namrata (Aishwarya Rai) chaperones Raj on a series of set-ups /hook-ups that he deliberately sabotages. During the wedding ceremonies, Raj watches Namrata dancing and realises he is attracted to her and loves her. He finally gets the strength to tell her, but to his surprise he discovers she has a 7 year-old son, Aditya, and is already married.
Raj is confused, but forms a strong fatherly relationship with Namrata and her son (Adi) anyway. His uncle informs him that Namrata's husband disappeared right before Aditya's birth; and Raj takes heart. Soon enough, however, Namrata attempts to distance herself from him, but nevertheless, a stubborn Raj follows her to Aditya's boarding school, having promised the boy to pose as his father. While Raj drives Namrata home, he sarcastically comments that her circumstances must have been her fault. Upset, she tells Raj that Sanjeev -her ex-lover- was the one that left her for another woman whilst she was pregnant. Eventually Namrata comes round and they begin to bond.
After some months, Raj decides to introduce Namrata to his mother, but he hears that Sanjeev (Arbaaz Khan) has walked back into Namrata's life back into her life to and wants to begin where they left off - but first, admitting he and his mistress have been engaged in criminal activity since his departure.
Upon hearing this, Namrata is aghast -and makes it clear that she does not want anything to do with him, but she is powerless to make him leave, as he becomes so stubborn and obstinate and wants to be with his son, and also threatens a law suit for child custody etc.
After a chance meeting with Sanjeev, Raj invites Sanjeev home for family get-together dinner and Adi also comes along with him and goes straight to Raj and calls him "Dad." Sanjeev , instead of thanking Raj for taking care of his son in his absence, is jealous and angry, insults Raj and his family and creates a scene at the wedding. Upon hearing all this commotion drama, Namrata finally gets the courage to tell Sanjeev publicly that she deplores his abandonment of her and the child, his irresponsible and immoral acts, and that she is in love with Raj.
Thereafter, after a span of six months Raj and Namrata get married, have a child and live happily ever after. (minus Sanjeev).