Chal Mere Bhai

The movie is greatly influenced by Pakistani drama (Ankahi) 1982. Some of the parts were accused of being copied along with the dialogues.
This is the story of two brothers, Vicky (Sanjay Dutt) and Prem Oberoi (Salman Khan) and how their lives are turned upside down by a girl named Sapna (Karishma Kapoor).
Vicky is a business tycoon who runs his family's huge business empire. Sapna applies for the position of his secretary. She is an orphan who has just moved to Bombay from Pune and is currently living with her uncle and aunt. Sapna doesn't have the required experience to be Vicky's secretary, but Vicky's father, Balraj Oberoi is impressed by Sapna's passion and hires her.
Prem is an aspiring actor, much to the chagrin of Balraj, who would like Prem to also work for the family business. However, Prem's grandmother and Vicky support Prem's decision to be an actor. He works with a theater director (Shakti Kapoor) who happens to be Sapna's uncle.
Sapna is very inefficient at work and Vicky is completely sick of her. But when Vicky is attacked after work, it is Sapna's fast thinking that saves his life. Vicky's family invite her and her family to a short vacation on their farmhouse. Vicky's family become quite fond of Sapna. Prem and Sapna also fall in love during this time.
However, before Prem can tell his family that he loves Sapna he finds out that his grandmother wants Vicky to marry Sapna and that Vicky has agreed to the proposal. Prem doesn't want to break his brother's heart. Vicky has been grieving for his late girlfriend for a very long time. Prem doesn't want to get in his way now that Vicky has finally decided to move on. He tells Sapna that he was just fooling around with her. A heart broken Sapna gives in to the pressure of her aunt and uncle and agrees to marry Vicky. However, Vicky finds out the truth before the wedding and calls them out. Sapna and Prem are reunited at the end. It is implied that Vicky finds love again when a new girl joins his office.[4]