24

Raja Babu (Govinda) is a poor orphan adopted by a wealthy village couple (Kader Khan and Aruna Irani). He is a typical country bumpkin, good-hearted but lacking in urban manners. His vanity, not discouraged by his mother's doting, leads him to have his photograph taken often at the village photo studio, each time in a different outfit. He is always accompanied by his sidekick Nandu, (Shakti Kapoor). Nandu is of a lower rung in the social strata, evidenced by his refusal to be seated on Raja's motorcycle, even when implored: the same kindness extended by the wealthy Singh family in adopting Raja is evident in the family's treatment of Raja's friend, in spite of Nandu's clownish antics.
He falls for Madhu (Karishma Kapoor) when he sees her photograph in the studio. In a fantasy dance sequence, her photograph makes his motorcycle come to life by itself, and it chases her decorated with plastic flowers.
A careless stunt by Nandu sees Madhu enter the village with her entourage. A neighbor is blamed, and the entourage arrests him and takes him back into their village. The main antagonist of the film, played by Prem Chopra, sends his goons to attack, but a cleverly disguised Raja and Nandu thwart the attackers with impressive swashbuckling derring-do.
Taken in by his smart appearance and impressive talk, Madhu reciprocates his love, but walks out on him with all the villagers watching when she learns that he is no match to her urbane, well-educated self. It was particularly humiliating for his father as it happened in front of villagers who respected him highly.
Raja still wants to marry Madhu, even though the latter humiliated his father. However, he finds out that he is not his parents' biological son, but was in fact adopted. He is overcome with gratitude and decides to forget Madhu. His father arranges his marriage with a mentally disabled girl. Raja agrees, since he doesn't want to do anything to upset his father. In the meantime, Madhu decides that she has fallen in love with Raja and starts to pursue him. Raja tells her that he is no longer interested in her, but she refuses to listen. Meanwhile, Raja's evil uncle has been planning to kill his family and take control of their property. Raja's father eventually throws him out of the house because he thinks he is still involved with Madhu. Taking advantage of this, the evil uncle and his son kidnap Raja's parents. However, Raja rescues them and they agree to his marriage with Madhu.