Chashme Buddoor

Siddharth (Farooq Shaikh), Omi (Rakesh Bedi) and Jomo (Ravi Baswani) are close friends and room mates who are studying at Delhi University. Siddharth has completed M.A in Economics and is preparing for PhD. While Siddharth is a studious boy who loves to spend most of his time with books, his other two friends- Omi and Jomo are mostly busy chasing girls, watching movies or dramas. The only thing common among the three of them is smoking. One day, Omi and Jomo see a girl (Neha) who is new to their neighborhood and try to impress her by their tricks. However, both of them give up after experiencing shameful events. After some days, Neha (Deepti Naval) visits their flat as the salesgirl of Chamko washing powder. As soon as Jomo and Omi see her, they hide quickly. Siddharth meets Neha for the first time and soon a love story begins. But when his other two friends find out, they decide to plot something to end their relationship and also to seek revenge to the embarrassment inflicted upon them by the girl. Initially, they succeed in separating Siddharth and Neha, but later on repent when they realise that Siddharth has started losing his interest in work and study and is most likely to end his life as well. Finally, they decide to reunite both the lovers.
The parallel plot runs between Omi, Jomo, Siddharth and Lallan Miyan (Saeed Jaffrey). Lallan Miyan is the local shopkeeper who sells cigarettes to Omi and Jomo on credit. But as students, they don't clear their debts, Lallan Miyan tries to follow up with them to get their dues.
A spate of kidnapping (especially of young girls) has started in Delhi. One fine day, Omi and his friends along with Neha's grandmother plan to stage a fake kidnapping and get married. But unfortunately, she is kidnapped by the real gang and the duo is left in the lurch. The later part of the story revolves on how they clear the confusion that she has been going through and how she was kidnapped by real thugs and finally rescued.