Bajatey Raho

A crooked businessman Mohanlal Sabbarwahl (Ravi Kissen) swindles people of their hard-earned money and frames an honest bank officer, Mr. Baweja, and his assistant Zaira. Unable to handle the humiliation of having been arrested, Baweja dies due to cardiac arrest. Now Sukhi (Tusshar Kapoor), Mrs. Baweja aka mummyji (Dolly Ahluwalia), Zaira's husband Mintoo (Vinay Pathak) and their well-wisher Ballu (Ranvir Shorey) must somehow return 15 crore to the investors to save Baweja's name and to free Zaira. They devise various plans to con Sabbarwahl and strategically loot back the investor's money.
In their first act Sukhi and Ballu do a sting operation on the principal of a school run by Sabbarwahl and extort 3 crore from him. Next Mummyji and Mintoo, both disguised as food inspectors, raid Sabbarwahl's milk factory where his two brothers-in-law were producing artificial milk. Sabbarwahl asks them to secretly transfer all the cash in the factory to his girlfriend's flat in a fridge. Sukhi and Ballu follow them and try to exchange the fridge with an empty one but Sabbarwahl reaches the flat on time and the plan fails. This creates a rift between Suhki and Ballu.
As per their last plan, Sukhi's girlfriend Manpreet (Vishakha Singh), posing as dance trainer, goes to Sabbarwahl's house to spy on him. They soon come to know that Sabbarwahl, busy preparing for his daughter's wedding, has promised to pay 15 crore to her in-laws, the Kapoors. Meanwhile, Mummyji and Mintoo, disguised as Hansal builders, instigate the Kapoors against Sabbarwahl. Finally on the wedding night, Sukhi and Ballu dressed as caterers sneak into Sabbarwahl's farmhouse and hide all the money in gift packs. Sabbarwahl unknowingly distributes all the money hidden in gift boxes to guests who were actually the investors. On knowing the truth about Sukhi and the group, Sabbarwahl attacks them with a gun, only to be confronted by his own daughter. Sabbarwahl confesses to his crime and is later jailed for seven years, which completes the revenge of the Baweja family.