Kalyanikku Kalyanam

Kalyani is an uneducated village girl who lives with her mother and two brothers. Her uncle Kumaresan agrees to Kalyani marrying his son Sadhasivam who is a Masters degree qualified person living in Chennai. At first Sadhasivam wonders how an uneducated can be his wife, but when he visits the village and finds Kalyani's beauty and intelligence, he agrees to marry her. Kumaresan tells Kalyani's mother that she should give 10 thousand rupees cash and jewellery worth the same amount should be given as dowry. Earlier Kalyani's deceased father had given 25 thousand rupees cash and 10 thousand rupees worth jewellery to a Pannaiyar (Landed proprietor) for safe-keeping. Pannaiyar has an eye on Kalyani to take her as his second wife. Kalyani's elder brother Sundaram asks Pannaiyar for the jewellery and 10 thousand rupees cash for Kalyani's marriage. Pannaiyar gives only ₹7000. Sundaram does not want to go home without the requisite amount. He goes to Chennai vowing that he will earn sufficient amount and return. But in Chennai he loses all his money in horse racing. He meets a rich girl Susheela at the race cource and goes to work as a manager in her bungalow. Susheela loves him and they get married even though Susheela is from a different caste. In the meantime, Kalyani's mother mortgages the house to Pannaiyar and conducts Kalyani's marriage.
A dance program by Bharatham Pattammal takes place during the ceremony. Pannaiyar, in connaivance with the dancer makes it known that all the jewellery worn by Kalyani are not genuine gold but only gilt. Kumaresan gets wild and says Kalyani should not enter his house without genuine jewellery. When his son Sadhasivam pleads, he sends him away to Banares for further studies.
Pannaiyar's younger brother Ramachandran takes pity for Kalyani and tells her that he will give the 10 thousand rupees for her. He plans to marry Kumaresan's daughter Kalaivani and demand 10 thousand rupees from Kumaresan as dowry. He joins Kumaresan's household feigning as a driver "Kader". He fools Kumaresan by staging a drama showing himself as a rich man. He marries Kalaivani. But on the very first night Kumaresan finds out that he is not a rich man. He chases away both his daughter Kalaivani and Ramachandran.
Kalyani loses her eye sight when firing a cracker on Deepavali day. Kalyani's mother dies due to shock. Blind Kalyani is left with her younger brother Mani. Hearing this, Sundaram comes back to the village with his wife Susheela. Sundaram asks Susheela to give her jewellery to Kalyani. But Susheela refuses and takes Sundaram back to Chennai. Panniyar takes over Kalyani's house in lieu of the loan. Kalyani and Mani goes to Chennai and seek asylum in Kumaresan's house. But he is adamant and says she can step into the house only with the jewellery.
Meanwhile, the dancer Bharatham Pattammal snatches the original jewellery from Pannaiyar.
Sadhasivam returns home after completing his higher studies.
How everything is sorted out forms the rest of the film.[3]