Sankham

Chandu (Gopichand) is a rich, rough youth brought up by his uncle Krishna Rao (Chandra Mohan) in Australia. Mahalakshmi (Trisha) stays in Australia along with her uncle Pichaiah (Dharmavarapu Subrahmanyam), who runs a restaurant. Chandu is fond of martial arts, but he never gets a chance to exhibit them in real situations. Mahalakshmi is another martial arts freak. After a few misunderstandings, they fall in love. One day, Mahalakshmi is forced to come back to her hometown in Rayalaseema. Chandu comes in search of her. Meanwhile, Sivaiah (Sathyaraj) and his archenemy, Mahalakshmi's father Pashupati (Kota Srinivasa Rao) are the rich leaders of two neighboring villages, in rayalaseema. They have longtime enmity. Chandu comes to Mahalakshmi's village and asks her hand in marriage. Though all of her relatives oppose this, Pasupathi agrees based on one condition, that Chandu must escort his brother from railway station to home safely. The brother Rajappa (Supreeth), has been on a 23-year self-imposed exile from the district, due to his life being under threat of Sivaiah and his entire village. Chandu agrees and does so, beating 30 men of Siviah on the way. Chandu informs his uncle about the wedding and asks him to come to India. Then Chandu is challenged by Siviah that he must come alone to his house. Despite pleas from Mahalakshmi, Chandu goes and meets shiviah. Shiviah warns him and tells Chandu to stay out of his way. But Chandu picks a fight on the way back, and he is brutally injured. Then, he is saved in the hospital. There Siviah tells that this attempt was not made by him, as he doesn't like back-stabbing. Uncle Krishna Rao is shocked to see Chandu with Siviah and proceeds to tell Chandu about his parents. Shiviah is actually Chandu's father. 23 years ago, there was a big feud between village for sharing water, in which multitude of lives were lost in clashes. Siviah's wife pleads him to stop the fight, to which he pays no heed. She gives birth to twins, but one child and her parents are killed in a car-bomb, before her very eyes. This makes her to take Chandu and go to her native. After 2 years, she has a change of heart and comes to meet Siviah. As they are about to reconcile, Rajappa ambushes Siviah, and kills his wife before his eyes, despite his pleas. There Siviah vows to stop the violence, but kill Rajappa when he steps back into the district. He sent Chandu with the uncle and has paid for all of his expenses since then. Chandu then joins Siviah as his heir, and defeats both Pasupati and his brothers. Finally he marries Mahalakshmi and returns to Australia and they live happy ever after.[2]