Manithan Maravillai

Subbamma (Sundari Bai) is a rich widow who has a daughter, Saroja (Jamuna), and son, Prabhakar (Raja), and a step daughter, Lakshmi (Savitri). Both girls are beautiful and intelligent. Saroja is a teen spoiled by her mother's pampering whereas Lakshmi is treated as a maid in her own house. Chithambaranar(S. V. Ranga Rao), who has two sons of marriageable age, is searching for suitable brides. Subbamma is interested in pursuing an alliance with Chithambaranar's son for Saroja and sends a word through a middleman. It happens that he used to be a good friend of Subbamma's late husband. She wants to overcome the obstacle of Lakshmi by getting married to down-and-out. So she doesn't have to get jeered for neglecting her step daughter. Kuppusamy (K. Sarangapani) is Subbamma's brother and a cousin some how wants Saroja to marry his son, Boopathy (T. K. Ramachandran), who happens to be a delinquent and is in a prison.
Meanwhile, Chithambaranar and his sons knew about Subbamma's avarice and her treatment of children and decided to play a game to teach her a lesson. After deciding that Lakshmi will make a suitable match for his first son Panjacharam (Gemini Ganesan), and Saroja for his second son Raja (Akkineni Nageswara Rao), Chithambaram asks his sons to enact a drama to bring Subbamma and her overbearing daughter on track. The first son enters Subbamma's house as Panji, a street worthy servant, and wins her heart instantly, even placing him in her house as a helping hand. The second son, Raja, with the aid of his cousin, Padma (L. Vijayalakshmi), who happens to be Saroja's brother and Prabhakar's friend enters as Chithambaram's son, woos her, and ends up winning her heart. The servant son, with his humility and wit, wins Lakshmi's heart and asks Subbamma for Lakshmi's hand in marriage. Subbamma heads under impression that she will never find more obliging and humble fool who would ever be at her behest. Panji marries Lakshmi.
Meanwhile, Subbamma is impressed by the second son for Saroja and is making plans for the wedding. However, she receives a letter from Chithambaram that he is no longer interested in the alliance on hearing rumours that Subbamma poisoned her husband to death. Meanwhile, Saroja wants to marry Raja at all costs. Subbamma obliges again, after being coerced by Panji that a son-in-law in her own house will not raise a voice and that she can relish the company of her beloved daughter even after her marriage. After Saroja's marriage, Prabhakar (Raja) is fascinated by Padma and wants to marry her. Panji accommodates that by convincing Subbamma. It's not long before Subbamma and Saroja realise that Raja is a drunkard and a thief and Subbamma reverses her stance for Prabhakar's marriage with Padma, which happens anyway.
Raja intensifies his acting as a drunkard and pretends that he's not Chithambaram's real son and is a vagabond and a wanted thief. As Subbamma's problems are starting to pile up, Padma's Paternal aunt Kaveri (Lakshmi Prabha),shows up, making Subbamma and Kaveri go out of control after a while. Raja deserts Saroja and then writes a letter to her asking her to accompany him. Saroja realises now, obliges, and leaves Subbamma's house against her wishes. Subbamma is shattered with all these problems and at such a time as this. Kuppusamy Son Boopathy (T. K. Ramachandran), just released from prison, torments her even more. Thus, Subbamma in the absence of Prabhakar is confined to the out house of her own house by Padma's boisterous aunt and Kuppusmay's prison educated son. Meanwhile, Panji also leaves the house with his wife Lakshmi.
It is a sweet turn of Lakshmi when Panji places her in the bungalow of Chithambaram proclaiming her to be the mistress of the house and the daughter-in-law of Chithambaram. She forgets her lifestyle of misery but still holds concern for her step mother Subbamma and her sister Saroja. Saroja is introduced as a gardener in the same bungalow by Raja and is humiliated by Chithambaram as a servant. Saroja's conceit and arrogance break, thus making her a well-behaved wife. Meanwhile, Subbamma is transformed into a humble women following all of these tortures in such a short span. Lakshmi visits Subbamma and seeing her in a state of despair, evicts Kaveri and Boopathy with the help of Panji and brings Subbamma along to Chithambaram house. In the interim, Saroja leaving Chithambaram's house and as an insult encounters Lakshmi, who reveals to her that they both are now Chithambaram's daughter-in-law and that Raja being a drunkard and thief and the events that followed were all enacted by his son, now their husbands. Subbamma is happy to see both of them are married into a good family and continues to live on with Chithambaram's family.