The Invisible Mouse

Tom lures Jerry out with cheese tied to a string before trying to drop an iron onto Jerry, but Jerry moves Tom's foot to make him drop it onto it. Tom then chases Jerry up stairs and both slide down the railing, but the mouse moves onto an alternate path while the cat crashes into the wall and a cuckoo clock falls on him.
Tom then uses bellows to suck Jerry away from his mousehole, and then tosses him into the air, but Jerry catches a plate on the shelf and hits Tom's head. Jerry then hides in an invisible ink bottle to evade Tom, and then discovers he has become half invisible, so he turns himself fully invisible and eats a whole bowl of chocolate truffles.
When he finds Tom has set up another cheese/iron trap for him, Jerry eats the cheese and walks away, much to Tom's disbelief, and again drops the iron onto Tom's foot before stuffing the cat's tail into an electric socket and turning it on. Tom retreats in fright and goes to drink his milk, but Jerry moves the bowl back and forth, much to Tom's confusion, before slurping the drink and spitting it into Tom's face.
Tom then checks himself, and overcome with exhaustion, goes to sleep, but Jerry lights matches in between Tom's toes. The cat sticks his foot into the goldfish bowl to put out the fire, but then hears the piano playing ominously with no visible assistance. When Tom peeks inside the belly of the instrument, Jerry drops the cover onto his head. Tom then sees a banana being eaten, but spots the shadow of Jerry on the wall. Now knowing what's going on, Tom sneaks up and whacks Jerry with a book, forming a bump on the mouse's head.
Tom goes to grab the mouse, but Jerry grabs an apple and flees under a refrigerator. Tom throws flour over the kitchen to force Jerry to come out, but misses hitting him with a frying pan. Jerry runs away and Tom chases him and grabs him, but Jerry twists his whiskers. Tom then grabs a curtain and traps Jerry underneath.
Tom then hits the curtain with a book, but Jerry escapes and hits Tom on the rear with a golf club, causing him to squeal in pain. Jerry then goes outside and whacks a sleeping Spike on the head before putting the club on Tom's hands to frame Tom. Thinking that Tom has hit him, Spike begins to whack Tom angrily with the golf club down the way. Meanwhile, inside, Jerry drinks chocolate milk in Tom's milk bowl and renders himself to become visible again. Oblivious, Jerry continues sipping.