1983

In a remote village in Kerala named Brahmamangalam, the people have a passion for cricket. From India winning their first Cricket World Cup in 1983, to present times, the story follows the father-son relationship of two generations. As a teenager Rameshan(Nivin Pauly) is passionate about cricket and performs well in his academics. His father (Joy Mathew) wants his son to become an engineer one day. Rameshan is in love with Manjula (Nikki Galrani), who is studying in the same school. He is part of a local cricket team, formed by his close friends, and wins many local tournaments with his above par performance in batting. However, with time his academic results turn very poor and even fails in his 12th Board exams.Even if he fails in his academics, his love for the game remains the same and his father continues to protest against this. His love interest, Manjula, is very good in studies and join another college for higher education.
Rameshan joins his father in running an electrical workshop and lives a modest life. His love for game continues all this while. Eventually, he loses his lover who marries an Indian-American. A depressed Rameshan is encouraged by his friends and family to marry a girl from the same village. His wife, Susheela (Srinda Arhaan), is ignorant about cricket to such an extent that she doesn't know Sachin Tendulkar. Rameshan is blessed with his son, Kannan (Bhagath Abrid), who shows an interest in cricket at a very young age. Rameshan still plays cricket and starts coaching his son. Rameshan wants his son to become a cricketer. He takes his son to a former state cricket player Vijay Menon's (Anoop Menon) sports academy. Rameshan faces many financial problems to support his son's coaching. His wife helps him against his mother's (Seema G. Nair) wishes. After some days unfortunately Vijay wants to go to Chennai, as he was called by his senior coach Chandrakant and he wants Vijay to be with him to take responsibility of his cricket coaching club. For the better future of Kannan, Vijay advises Rameshan to join the cricket academy of his friend. But Kannan could get the selection in order to join the academy. But he fails to get the selection as the ball strike on the back tail and get injured.
Rameshan's father and son play a vital role in his life and eventually his father gives him his support to pursue his love for cricket. At the end, Rameshan, with the help of his father, makes a bowling machine to help his son play pace. After many ups and downs, Kannan gets selected for the Under-14 district team. Like how he loved the cricket now his son also loves cricket. The movie ends with Rameshan talking about wanting to see his son wearing India's jersey.