Ravenous (Les Affamés)

In the aftermath of a zombie-like outbreak, the rural regions of Quebec are decimated with few survivors remaining. Bonin and his friend Vézina patrol with shotguns, shooting the infected while amusing each other with doctor jokes. While out, Vézina is drawn out into the forest, surrounded, and attacked. Another survivor, wife and mother Céline, drives, alone, and kills the infected as she finds them with a machete. Céline wanders onto the property of two elderly, armed women, Therese and Pauline, who tell Céline to strip so they can see if she has been bitten. Upon seeing Céline is clean, they take her in.
Bonin meets Tania, a young woman with a bite mark, who swears she was bitten by a dog and not an infected. While Tania is initially tied down for safety reasons, Bonin unties her and drives her away as the infected close in. They pick up a little girl, Zoé. Bonin also spots infected in a field and spies on them. He observes that they are gathered around a stack of found objects they have assembled, in a mysterious ritual.
Bonin, Zoé, and Tania head back to Therese and Pauline's house, as Bonin knows them. Together, the group realizes the house is on the path of the infected invasion. As the infected swarm in, the group flees. They encounter two other survivors, the elderly former insurance agent Réal and the young Remi, who is armed with a rifle. The group unites and finds a cabin. Inside, they find a note from an anonymous survivor warning anyone who reads it to stay away from town and stating the author is looking for survivors on Quebec Route 113. Pauline is bitten and shot by Therese. Réal, having been bitten earlier, turns, bites Remi, and is dispatched by Céline, who also kills Remi before he can turn.
The advancing infected overrun the remaining survivors. Therese stays behind so Bonin can escape with Zoé and is killed. Surrounded, Céline begins hacking against the oncoming undead. Bonin gives Zoé to Tania and leads the infected away, as Tania hides Zoé in a tunnel and tells her Zoé is the strongest. Tania disappears as the infected continue to swarm. When Zoé emerges, she finds Bonin pointing his shotgun at his own head. Bonin tells her to go look for Tania, and Zoé sets off alone for Route 113, passing another infected-made structure. On the road, she is picked up by another survivor.
In a post-credits scene, the newly zombified Bonin and Tania stand in front of a tower of stacked chairs.