Puthagam

Mohan (Sathya) lives in Chennai. His two roommates, Anthony (Vignesh Vijayakumar) and Radhakrishnan (Sanjay Bharathi) are from less fortunate backgrounds. Despite their differences, they are best friends. One day, Mohan borrows a book from the Chennai Literary Society library for his television reporter girlfriend, Divya (Rakul Preet Singh). He then finds a note in the book that leads him to a cemetery. All the graves painted blue have thousands of bank notes instead of dead bodies. Mohan shares this news with his roommates and they decide to share the cash in order to solve their families' financial problems.
At the same time, Divya is covering the high-profile case of a powerful but corrupt political leader, Imaiyappan (Suresh). He has lost all his black money that he has been hiding away from the authorities for years by giving it to a close friend for safekeeping. Now, the friend has died and Imaiyappan does not know where all his black money is. He is forced to seek the help of JB (Jagapati Babu) and Dolly (Rachana Maurya), two highly skilled former intelligence officers.
After much difficulty, JB and Dolly manage to track down the family of Imaiyappan's late friend. The friend had hidden the information of where he had hidden all the black money in a book in a Chennai library before he was run over by a truck. He had sent the book's registry number via a text message to his family so that they could take it and move to London. JB and Dolly then learn that the last person to check out the supposed book from the library is Mohan.
Mohan and everyone he loves are then put in harm's way when both JB and Imaiyappan come after him. In the end, JB decides to let Mohan and his loved ones live when he discovers that Mohan only took a small portion of the black money to help his roommates with their finances, while he donated the rest of them to various charities all across the city anonymously. Imaiyappan then has a heart attack when he learns both his reputation and black money are gone forever.
In the end, Mohan is shown going on a vacation with Divya and their friends. Unknown to them, JB and Dolly are following them secretly. It turns out that Mohan had only donated part of the money to charity bodies, and he had transferred the rest to a Swiss bank and turned them all to legal money. JB is deeply offended as he has been tricked by a boy as young as Mohan and sets out to trap him.