The Captive

At a police station in Niagara Falls, Ontario, new detective Jeffrey Cornwall is sitting down for a job interview with Nicole Dunlop, who works in the Internet Child Exploitation Unit. He recoils in disgust after seeing the images related to an open case, but Nicole tells him that these are the images he will have to see every day. Meanwhile, local Matthew Lane picks his nine-year-old daughter, Cassandra, after her figure skating practice. On the way back, Matthew stops to pick up pie, leaving Cassandra in the car. Minutes later, he returns to find her missing. He reports the abduction to the police station, where Jeffrey and Nicole are assigned to the case. Cassandra's mother, Tina Lane, arrives and breaks down in a fit of fury directed at Matthew.
Eight years later, Matthew and Tina are estranged while Nicole and Jeffrey are romantically involved. Tina still provides details to the police but Matthew, initially a target of suspicion himself, has become a vigilante in the search for Cassandra. Meanwhile, the whole time, Cassandra has been held captive in the home of a child pornographer named Mika, who has installed remote cameras in the rooms where Tina works as a chambermaid. Although he leaves the house to work and is no longer sexually interested in a now-grown Cassandra, the fear that he will harm her parents prevents her from escaping. A break in the case comes when Jeffrey finds recent photos of Cassandra online. More begin to appear as Mika has her tell stories on camera, hoping they will help lure in younger children. Posing as a child, Jeffrey and Nicole succeed in tricking a child molester named Willy to reveal himself. The arrests of Willy and others in his group catapult Nicole into the public eye. Mika visits Willy in prison and urges him not to take any deals for cooperation. Willy says he will only comply if someone kidnaps Nicole and forces her to reveal whatever details of her past may have inspired her to pursue child protection. Mika dismisses the request as unfeasible.
Mika decides to watch an encounter between Cassandra and her father. When Matthew is transporting trees in his truck, Mika goes to the motel where he is sleeping and sets up the trees so that they lead to a clearing in the road. Matthew follows the trail in the morning to find Cassandra waiting there. Shocked to see each other, they begin a rushed discussion. Cassandra resists the opportunity to get in the truck and Matthew cannot figure out why until Mika appears and tranquilizes him. Cassandra also begins talking to a young girl via online chat. When Nicole arrives home, she is horrified to see Jeffrey is so desperate to find Cassandra that he is using his own niece as a way into the community. Mika turns the webcam back on to watch their fight and reconsiders Willy's offer.
At a dinner where Nicole is being honored, Mika and a disguised woman arrive and pour a sedative into her drink. As Nicole is collapsing, the woman offers her a ride home. After getting in the car, she removes a wig revealing herself to be an accomplice of Mika's named Vicky. Mika locks Nicole in a van and tells her to speak into a microphone. Vicky travels to an area, where she asks Cassandra's former skating partner questions about their tradition of wearing mismatched skates. Matthew overhears them and becomes suspicious. He follows Vicky to a diner, where Mika is waiting for her. He calls Jeffrey with the location and says that his phone's GPS will be placed on the suspect's car. Once inside, Matthew acts disruptive, prompting the diner staff to call the police as well. He confronts the abductors to buy more time, stealing one of their cell phones causing them to chase him after he leaves. In the ensuing chase, Vicky shoots at Matthew's truck.
After the chase concludes, Jeffrey is able to get a fix on Mika's house through the GPS tracking on Matthew's phone. A team arrives to rescue Cassandra, resulting in Vicky and Mika's deaths, leaving Nicole's whereabouts unknown. The Lane family is finally reunited. Later, a search team arrives at where the van that Nicole is trapped in is located. The movie ends with Cassandra ice skating, smiling.