All The Best: Fun Begins

Veer Kapoor (Fardeen Khan) is a struggling artist who hopes to make it big someday with his rock group but at present is tottering financially. His only source of income is a monthly pocket money of Rs 100,000 from his wealthy elder step brother Dharam Kapoor (Sanjay Dutt), for which Veer has told a lie about him being married to Vidya (Mugdha Godse), his girlfriend. His best friend is Prem Chopra (Ajay Devgn), who is married to Jhanvi (Bipasha Basu). Jhanvi runs a broken down gymnasium owned by Prem's family and Prem spends his time mechanically modifying cars.
Veer and Prem need Rs. 500,000 to register Prem's car for an illegal race (if they win they will get Rs. 5,000,000). They borrow the money from a local mute loan shark Tobu (Johnny Lever) after showing him a car designed by Prem which, Prem assures him, cannot lose. Impressed by this vehicle, Tobu in addition to lending Prem and Veer 500,000, invests 500,000 of his own on Prem. Prem loses the race and ends up owing a sum of Rs. 1,000,000 to Tobu which should be paid within a week.
Prem decides to rent out Veer's bungalow to a local slum dweller RGV;— Raghuvandas Goverdhandas Vakawale(Sanjay Mishra), who has won a lottery, and collects an advance of Rs 250,000. However everything gets into a muddle when Dharam is stranded in the Goa Airport on his way to Lushoto and insists on catching up with his younger brother.Things get worse when their new tenant arrives and is bitten by Dharam.In order to save the situation,Prem and Veer both lie that Raghu is mad and vice versa.
Vidya had a fight with Veer and is temporarily not talking to him. After Veer brings Dharam home from the airport, Dharam sees Jhanvi and takes her for Vidya, and later when he sees Vidya, Prem and Veer tell him she is Jhanvi, Prem's girlfriend. Jhanvi pretends to be Vidya, Veer's wife and Vidya pretends to be Jhanvi. Things get into a deeper muddle with regular visits from the new tenant RGV, Tobu and his thugs and finally by a princess (Bipasha Basu) of Lushoto.