Bloodsport

U.S. Army Captain Frank Dux (pronounced "Dukes"), trained from his youth in the ways of ninjutsu by Senzo Tanaka, honors his mentor by taking the place of Tanaka's deceased son Shingo in the illegal martial-arts tournament Kumite in Hong Kong. During his childhood, Dux and a group of friends broke into Tanaka's home to steal a katana, but Dux was apprehended by the Tanakas while attempting to return the katana to its display rack. Impressed by Dux's honesty and lack of fear, Senzo trained him together with Shingo in martial arts. Following Shingo's death, Senzo agreed to train Dux as a member of the Tanaka clan. When Dux's superiors learn of his invitation to the Kumite, they refuse to let him go. Dux goes absent without leave, saying goodbye to his mentor and leaving for Hong Kong. Two Criminal Investigation Command (CID) officers, Helmer and Rawlins, are summoned to track down and arrest Dux for desertion.
After arriving in Hong Kong, Dux befriends American fighter Ray Jackson and Victor Lin, who becomes the manager and liaison for Jackson and Dux. The two Americans and the defending Kumite champion Chong Li—a fighter with a savage streak—all make it through the first day of the Kumite. Dux earns the enmity of Li after breaking his record for the fastest knockout. He becomes involved with American journalist Janice Kent, who is attempting to investigate the secretive Kumite, but is shocked by its violence. On the second day of the tournament, Jackson is matched against Li. Although Jackson gains the upper hand, he gloats instead of finishing Li off. Li recovers and brutally beats Jackson, landing him in hospital. Dux vows that he will avenge Jackson. Kent tries to convince Dux to pull out of the tournament for his own safety, but he refuses.
On the last day of the competition, Dux is cornered by Helmer and Rawlins, but he defeats them and the local police. He then promises to give himself up once the tournament is over. Dux advances to the tournament final to face Li, who alienated the audience by killing his semifinal opponent. Dux gains the upper hand, but Li cheats by blinding him with a crushed salt pill. Dux uses his other senses as Senzo had taught him to overcome the handicap and defeat Li, becoming the first Western winner of the Kumite. He then returns to the United States with the CID officers.