Curtains

Samantha Sherwood - a beautiful actress and muse for director Jonathan Stryker - has herself committed to an asylum as a preparation for the titular role of a mentally unstable woman in a film called "Audra". Once inside, she finds out that Stryker has left her there alone and lets a group of young girls audition for the role of Audra instead. Furious at being double-crossed, she escapes the asylum to seek revenge.
One of the candidates - fledgling actress Amanda Teuther - has a weird dream. While driving to the audition, she spots a large doll in the middle of the road. When she leaves her car to move it, it grabs her hand as someone gets in her car and runs over her. After she wakes up from her dream, a killer in the hag mask stabs her to death and takes her doll away.
The next day, the other five women auditioning for the part of Audra arrive at Stryker's mansion: comedian Patti O'Connor, veteran actress Brooke Parsons, ballet dancer Laurian Summers, musician Tara DeMillo and professional ice skater Christie Burns. There is a caretaker named Matthew. Samantha - the uninvited guest - appears at the house during dinner. The girls spend their first night getting to know each other. Tara has sex with Matthew in a jacuzzi as Stryker seduces Christie. Then, a mysterious figure enters the tool shed, grabs a sickle and sharpens it.
The next morning, Christie goes to a nearby pond for ice skating. She notices a small hand protruding out of the snow and uncovers a porcelain doll. The masked killer with the sickle appears and attacks Christie. After a long chase, the killer catches her and slices her throat.
Later that day, a drunk Matthew rides away on a snowmobile, looking for Christie. Patti is given an impromptu audition with Stryker and nearly explodes with anger. While Tara and Laurian are practicing, Brooke discovers Christie's severed head in a toilet bowl. She frantically informs Stryker of what she has seen, but when they go back to the bathroom, the toilet is empty. Exploiting Brooke's vulnerability, Stryker seduces the frightened actress. Meanwhile, Tara and Patti ponder Brooke's reason for claiming that Christie is dead, suspecting foul play. Later on, while Laurian is dancing in a room upstairs, the killer sneaks in and stabs her to death.
After having sex, Brooke and Stryker are both shot dead by a figure in a robe. They fall from the second floor, with Stryker's body crashing through a window downstairs. Terrified, Tara flees the mansion. Running past Matthew's corpse in the jacuzzi, Tara is then chased by the killer through an expansive prop and costume warehouse. After escaping the killer three times and discovering Laurian's corpse among a group of hanging mannequins, she is finally dragged into a ventilation shaft and killed.
A short time later, Samantha and Patti drink champagne in the kitchen, discussing Audra's insanity. Samantha tells Patti about Stryker's treachery for having abandoned her. She also admits having killed Stryker and Brooke. Shocked at the news of Stryker's death, Patti reveals that SHE murdered the other women to win the part of Audra and stabs Samantha to death.
In the end, Patti - now committed to an asylum - performs a monologue from "Audra" in front of the patients there, suggesting that she has gone insane after her failed attempts to get the coveted part.