Magic Lamp

Anupama (Meena) gets a photo of a person while travelling in bangalore. She wanted to become an air hostesses but her family has a tradition that the woman in their family will not work and she should get married to one of her 'mora cherakan' (fiancé). To escape from marriage she lies to her family that she is in love which turns out to be a coach in a college named Sunny Kuruvila (Jayaram). Anupama's uncle goes to hit him but he hits that uncle back due to loss of his 6yrs lover alphonsa. Anupama changes her lover's name to Dr. Nandakumar(Jayaram), a stuttering doc whose wife leaves him due to the same misunderstanding. Anupama reveals her fake love to Lalan (Jagathy Sreekumar) a no case lawyer and he tells to the family that Anupama was raped in Goa by a Malayali. This eventually leads to Chandrasenan (Jayaram). Senan sees the remaining 2 doppelgangers and makes a scheme to know the truth. Senan goes to Anupama's house first to marry her then he entered the house as a tree buyer. When Anupama gets her air hostess job, Senan understands that she did all this to go for that job. She also reveals to lalan that she used him to get the job. This makes lalan angry and lalan and Zenan makes a separate scheme to prevent her from going to that job. Lalan's scheme works and Anupama gets kidnapped by bombay thugs and frames Senan for the kidnaping. Senan tells Sunny to go as Senan as he is the only person to save her. Police arrests Sunny thinking as Senan by Sunny's future brother in law. Things turn out good between alphosa and sunny and Senan rescues Anupama. When Anupama proposes to Senan, he turns her down & to get Senan she acts as she is pregnant. Senan goes to Dr. Nandakumar's house as the Dr. & gets the doc's wife & son. Sunny's engagement day a final fight happens between manikandan (manikandan), bombay thugs, doctor's father in law's thugs etc. In the process they reveals that they are not one but three are identical (Zenan, Sunny, Dr. Nandakumar). Everyone gets their bridea & goes to Bangalore & sees that the real owner of the photo was living all the time in Bangalore.