Kamen Rider × Super Sentai: Ultra Super Hero Taisen

The film begins when a massive fleet of spaceships from the video game Xevious launches an attack on Seoul. The Kyurangers appear at the scene to face the enemies, but to no avail. Meanwhile in Japan, Amu is hospitalized in critical condition, but despite not having a human constitution, she is saved with a successful operation by Hiiro. Upon awakening, Amu reveals that she was also fighting the Xevious Armada who attacked and destroyed Zyuland before collapsing, and Poppy concludes that its appearance is the result of a portal opened between the Game and real worlds.
Supicious about Poppy as she is also a being from the Game World, the Kyurangers attempt to capture her, but Emu, Hiiro and Taiga stand to defend her. The battle between the Riders and the Kyurangers is interrupted when the city is attacked by another group of game ships, this time from the arcade game Galaxian, which is repelled by several Riders and Sentai appearing from another game, "Chou Super Hero Taisen", including an alternate version of Hiiro and the now deceased Kiriya Kujo. Back to CR, Poppy decides to enter the world of Chou Super Hero Taisen and enlist the help of the heroes there to fight the invaders, and Amu decides to accompany her. Once in the game, they meet a mysterious boy who flees, and Amu is attacked by Kamen Riders Stronger and Amazon, just to be rescued by Utsusemimaru, who takes them to the Alternate Hiiro who agrees to help them if Emu manages to clear the game, which is a tournament between teams of five heroes.
As Emu enters the tournament as part of "Team Ex-Aid", including himself, Momotaros, Yakumo Kato, Masato Jin and Shuichi Kitaoka, Poppy reveals to Hiiro that she investigated the identity of the mysterious boy with help from Balance and Naga Ray, discovering that his name is Eito Kirino, a genious programmer with a mysterious lack of emotions who once was his patient. Hiiro then reveals that he indeed was his doctor, but he decided to not treat the boy after he refused his assistance. He also reveals that Eito was the main programmer of Chou Super Hero Taisen who disappeared mysteriously after the game is completed. Once knowing this, Emu approaches Eito, promising to find a way for him to return to the real world.
The tournament ends with Team Ex-Aid's victory, the members receiving the powers of all the Sentai and Riders in history to transform into the Goriders, and using their new power to destroy the Xevious Armada for good. However, this triggers Chou Super Hero Taisen's bonus stage, materializing several villains who were defeated by the Kamen Riders and Super Sentai, led by a man who calls himself "Shocker Leader III", who proceeds to destroy the world. Emu then returns to the game, where the Alternate Hiiro explains that as he failed to send Eito back to the Human world, he decided to transform the Real World into the Game world instead by destroying it, revealing that he and Eito manipulated the events so far, leading to the current situation.
While Taiga, Parad and the Zyuohgers confront the villains in the real world, Emu, Hiiro, Poppy and Naga chase after Eito inside the game. While Emu faces several Riders on his way, including Kamen Riders Amazon Omega, Amazon Alpha and Amazon Neo, Hiiro confronts and defeats his other self, who entrusts him with some items from the game and asks him to watch over Eito before he disappears. When Naga and Poppy reach Eito, Naga attempts to convince Eito to concede to no avail, until Hiiro and Emu arrive, and Hiiro decides to sever the connection between both worlds to stop the enemy invasion and restore the cities and civilians they destroyed, but trapping Eito inside, much to Emu's dismay. After the other villains are defeated with the help of the items provided by the Alternate Hiiro, the Shocker Leader summons a spaceship from Jark Matter that transforms into a massive robot. In response, Lucky uses the Gemini Kyutama to duplicate himself and the Shishi Voyager to form two Kyurenoh, while Ex-Aid uses one of the items provided by Hiiro to enlarge himself, and together, Ex-Aid and the Kyurangers destroy the enemy in a combined effort.
After the battle, Hiiro convinces Eito to use his own willpower to escape from the Game World back to the human world, as he did not sever the connection between the worlds completely, leaving a gap for the boy to return. Emu then apoplogizes to Hiiro for doubting him and the Kyurangers bid farewell to Emu and the others before returning to space.