Raja Rani

The movie begins with the marriage of John (Arya) and Regina (Nayantara) at a church. The marriage is an arranged one, to which both have consented reluctantly to make their parents happy. After the marriage they live together as strangers in an apartment, where the neighbors are upset with John who comes home drunk every night, which he does deliberately to annoy Regina. Eventually, Regina applies for a transfer to Australia to stay away from John.
One night, Regina falls down with fits. John calls an ambulance and takes Regina to the hospital, where he is unable to respond to the doctor's queries about Regina's age and past medical history. When he goes to apologize to the doctor later on, he is told that it is important to know about his wife's health, even if he dislikes her. John then asks Regina about her health and she reveals she had fits twice in the past. The movie now goes into flashback mode as she explains her past and the love of her life, Surya (Jai).
While in college, she falls in love with Surya, who works in the call center of a mobile company. Surya gets selected for airline cabin-crew training in the US. They decide to inform their parents about their love but his father objects to their relationship and hence they decide to get married without informing their parents. On the designated day, Surya fails to show up at the Registrar's office for the wedding. Regina's father James (Sathyaraj) feels sorry for his daughter and takes Regina to Surya's house, where they learn that Surya has already left for the US. A few days later Regina gets a call from Aiyappan (Sathyan Sivakumar), Surya's friend, saying Surya had committed suicide in the US. In her shock she suffers fits for the first time.
Upon hearing this story, John begins to like Regina and he now has immense respect for her. Regina however continues to treat John with scant respect until one day when Sarathy (Santhanam) comes to their flat and reveals John's past in the second major flashback of the movie. John had fallen in love with Keerthana (Nazriya Nazim), an orphan, and they eventually get married. On the first day after their marriage, Keerthana is hit by a car while crossing the road, and she dies in front of John.
Regina now begins to like John. Though they like each other, they never reveal it to each other. Finally, on John's birthday, Regina gives John a gift and insists that he opens it alone, but John never opens the gift as he thinks that Regina is only pretending to be affectionate in front of her father.
Regina's request for the transfer to Australia is approved. When she tells John while he was having a beer that she bought for him, he asks her to go ahead with her plans, as he thinks that she was trying to bribe him with the beer to get him to agree to a divorce, while she actually wanted him to express his love for her.
John drops off Regina at the airport. When he is about to leave the airport, he gets a call from Regina, who tells him that she saw Surya at the immigration counter. John rushes off to meet Surya and tries to get him to accept Regina. Surya says that he was forced to leave by his father, that he faked his suicide so that Regina would get over him. Surya says that he is now happily married and tells John that one cannot always marry the girl he loves, but should always love the girl he marries. As he leaves, he glances at the ring in his hand, which was gifted to him by Regina, showing that Surya will always live with the memories of their relationship.
Regina, who is terribly angry, slaps John as she never wanted to get back with Surya, as that was the past. Regina throws the gift that John never opened. When he opens it he finds the words "Let us begin our life". John and Regina realize their love for each other and begin their life together.