Eeram 

The Plot opens with water over flowing from the Thiruvottiyur Blue Star Apartment in Chennai, and in the block E, which is seen by the apartment watchman. When he goes to the block to stop water he witnesses a young woman named Ramya (Sindhu Menon), who had drowned in the water and died. Eventually the investigation of the death is taking place which is done by Assistant Commissioner of Police, ACP Vasudevan IPS (Aadhi), who is an honest and upright police officer and he also happens to be the former lover of Ramya. Although circumstantial evidence claims it as a suicide, Vasu doubts that it isn't a suicide and starts to investigate it in another angle.
Ramya was known to be in an illegal affair with an unknown person and his frequent visit to her flat is confirmed by the neighbours in the apartment during the investigation. But Vasu is not convinced and he is sure that there is someone behind Ramya’s death and names him Mr.X. He also remembers his days of love during their college time. Vasu is denied of marriage with Ramya by her father Shriraman (Rajashekar) as he is not willing to give hands of his daughter to Vasu who is ambitious about becoming a police officer. But true reason is Vasu-Ramya’s love is not accepted by her father. When Vasu asks her to marry without the consent of her father, she does not accept and both part away. Ramya in turn marries a rich groom named Bala (Nandha), a businessman. From then on the relationship is entirely cut between Vasu and Ramya. Vasu then becomes a police officer.
Meanwhile, some Eerie events and Supernatural mishaps begin to take place in the Blue Star apartment. A woman named Kalyani Subramanyam (Lakshmi Ramakrishnan), who resides in the flat opposite to Ramya’s dies by an electric shock. A retired Colonel and ex-army, named Thiyagarajan (Boys Rajan) on his travel to Pondicherry dies by the piercing of an umbrella tip in his neck and also the watch man of the flat. Vasu could relate the deaths with Ramya and he doesn't find how, but finds that the killer must have used Water (H2O) to kill them. He appoints a few assistants to live in the flat and inform him if there is any suspected person comes there. The assistants point out a young man (Krishna) who came there to meet his girl friend Deepa and chases him and also inform Vasu. Vasu identifies him as Mr. X and follows him to Udayam Theatre, but before he tries to catch him, he sees the ‘X’ dashing himself in the restroom mirror and X dies in the theatre itself. Vasu also sees human foot prints walking on the water and understands that it must be a Dead Spirit (Ghost) seeking its revenge from them.
Subtle symbols keep appearing to Vasu and he begins to receive premonitions of the killings about to take place. The red color and water when appearing together are premonitions and signals to Vasu that a murder is about to take place. Vasu is not able to convince his superiors about the deaths. He investigates in the angle of life after death and finds that a life can contact this world in any medium after the death. It may be also through water. Vasu now understands that Ramya's Spirit kills everyone. One night, when Divya (Saranya Mohan), sister of Ramya visits Vasu in his house to console him for Ramya's death, the latter's Spirit possesses her body and reveals the truth of her life after their separation to Vasu.
Ramya married Bala and lived happily with him just for a short time. Bala was a person who disliked anything second hand in his life. He could not digest his wife’s past relation with her lover Vasudevan and hence started to torture her. Ramya’s maid servant complainted of Colonel Thiyagarajan in another flat who was harassing her sexually. Ramya warned the master if he would have repeated this she would inform it to his wife. Ramya advised a girl to stop having a boy friend as it would spoil her life and this earned her the dislike of that girl. Ramya’s opposite apartment woman Kalyani wanted the flat where Ramya lived, for her daughter. The boy friend created an impression that he had came to visit Ramya to the woman in the opposite flat. She has spined false story against Ramya and the master also confirmed it to Bala for taking revenge on her. Therefore, Bala killed Ramya and drowned her in water to make it look like a suicide. Hence the beginning of the movie's plot with confusions among Vasudevan and other Police Officers for her death.
Hence Ramya's Soul killed Kalyani by the electric shock, Thiyagarajan by the umbrella tip and the watch man who supported the false statement against Ramya, Mr. X by dashing him in the mirror and now, she scares the lover of Mr. X and makes her mentally unstable. Vasu warns Bala that he will soon catch him with evidence. Bala’s friend Vicky alias Vignesh (Srinath) misguides him right from the beginning about the women tendency of varieties and also against Ramya. He is killed by Bala himself as he threatened to reveal the truth about the murder. Bala is confident that he can be caught only if he himself admits the crime. Bala kidnaps Divya and Vasu comes to save her. At the fight Bala gains the upper hand and hits Vasu on his head and stabs Vasu in his stomach, leading the former to lose power and consciousness. So Ramya's Ghost possesses Vasu and gives him the upper hand to knock out Bala. Vasu succeeds in saving Divya and Ramya's Spirit leaves him. The very next day, Bala suddenly confesses for the murder of his wife. Hence Vasu gets a chance to prove him as the murderer. Actually Ramya had possessed him and made him speak the truth. After the press conference, while Bala is being taken to the court, the sky's colour appears bizarre and it begins to rain and petrol is shown to be leaking from the van in which he is being taken, and Vasu sees a red umbrella with water dripping from it. Then it is understood that Ramya's Ghost won't spare Bala and would kill him soon.