Falling Angels

The first few days of 1970, in an Ontario suburb, and the Field family's fragile domestic peace has come to an end with the death of mother Mary. The story is told in loops and flashbacks over 10 years, opening and closing with the water flowing over Niagara Falls, while the bulk of the film depicts the fall and winter of 1969 leading to Mary's funeral. In the background looms the tragedy of the suspicious death years ago of the first-born child, three-month-old Jimmy; a pervasive and never spoken of subject, Jimmy's existence is only revealed through a single newspaper clipping the (then adolescent) girls find in Mary's purse.
The household is ruled by father Jim Field, modeled on his experiences in the military, as is illustrated by a flashback sequence to the two weeks he forced his family to spend trapped in his self-built backyard bomb shelter, for "practice". Jim works as a used-car salesman and he is keen on keeping up appearances in front of the neighbors. He is psychologically unstable, drinks heavily and cheats on his wife (which she accepts) although he is also oddly protective of her, insisting that his daughters watch her all the time. His depressed wife Mary, a onetime dancer, has escaped into apathy and alcoholism a long time ago. She lives a catatonic life on the living room couch, staring absently at the television, her ever-present coffee cup full of whiskey impassively filled by one family member or another.
Each of the three teenaged daughters has her own way to cope with the deleterious family atmosphere. They try to find their own experiences while struggling with weight of their family duties and concern for their mother. Norma is the eldest daughter and the most responsible element of the family; quiet, subdued and selfless, she overburdens herself with domestic tasks and responsibilities, and patiently puts up with her father's antics. She is also the only one intent on keeping the memory of her brother and on uncovering the secret around his death (the news article suggests that Mary slipped and dropped Jimmy over the falls, though the police suspected it wasn't an accident). After unexpectedly becoming friends with a neighbour girl, she lets some pleasure into her dreary life. As the opposite of Norma, middle child Lou fights for her independence, standing up to her father and loving her mother but despising her weakness. She assuages her fantasies of rebellion, experimenting with boys and drugs. Not as involved as Norma in the housekeeping, nor as rebellious as Lou, sweet-looking Sandy devotes herself to becoming a perfect woman, with her own naive sense of femininity and sexuality. She engages in an affair with an older, married shoe salesman which ends up an awkward threesome scene with the man's twin brother, and Sandy learning that she is pregnant.
The story builds from one small event to another. Things climax during one long New Year's Eve night, as a dramatic event and the final admission of the secret definitively put an end to the Fields' "pretend normal" family life. The ending is left open, leaving the viewer to guess whether or not the characters will be able to start a new and more honest life and reconstruct family bonds.