Herogiri

Shuvo (Dev) works as a collection agent of ICICI in Kolkata and leads a happy life along with his friends and his father Dibakar Burman (Mithun Chakraborty) who wishes to see Shuvo married to a girl soon. Once Shuvo rushes to a Hospital where his friend is admitted as he tried to commit suicide by drinking nail polish solution and asks the reason for it. Then he describes about the traits of Maria (Koel Mallick) and her uncle (Kharaj Mukherjee). The duo have a habit of cheating gullible young men including his friend and Shuvo decides to teach them a lesson.
Shuvo enters their life as a gullible youngster and starts torturing them. Maria's uncle's plans and attempts always go in vain before him. As a part of their cunning plans, Maria's uncle advises Maria to ask Shuvo to marry her. As fate would have it, Shuvo also comes with a marriage proposal to Maria. Then the pair approach Dibakar and tell him that Shuvo is in love with Maria and that he proposed to her. They assume that this would enrage him but the result is negative as Dibakar accepts the proposal heartily. However, Maria was already engaged to Rohit (Surajit Sen) by her father sometime in the past. After some days Shuvo saves Maria from some goons and after doing so advises her not to play with people's feelings in future. Maria finds herself falling in love with Shuvo and informs Shuvo's father, Dibakar Burman.
Dibakar Burman leaves the final decision to Maria's father who in turn guarantees that they would not face any problem in the future from Shuvo. On the other hand, Rohit's mother warns Maria's father that she would torture her after her marriage. Listening to both, Maria's father fixes Maria's marriage with Shuvo. Rohit's mother gets humiliated by this and calls her brother Bhavani Pathak (Bharat Kaul). Bhavani who arrives at the wedding venue with his hench men recognise that Shuvo-Dibakar are his biggest enemies Raj-Kaka. While Shuvo is fighting with the goons, Bhavani stabs Dibakar and flees away to Tollygunge with Maria. After admitting Dibakar into the hospital, Shuvo starts narrating his past.
In the past in Tollygunge when Bhavani tries to destroy the empire of Kaka, a dreaded don those days, he takes the help of Raj and makes him his partner in crime. Raj, with his aggressiveness and cleverness, starts destroying the empire of Kaka. Meanwhile, without knowing the fact that she was Kaka's daughter, he falls in love with Dr. Nandini (Sayantika Banerjee) who reciprocates his love. Knowing this, Bhavani's elder son Shakti tries to injure Nandini by throwing acid on her, only to be killed by Kaka. Then she comes to know that Raj is a criminal and her father's enemy. She pleads both Raj and her father to leave rowdyism, in which Raj turns successful. After his younger brother Rudra (Sumit Ganguly) advice, Bhavani tells to Kaka that Raj and Nandini are eloping. While Raj is involved in a feud with Kaka, Rudra shoots Nandini fatally after which Raj kills Rudra. Later Raj and Kaka fulfill her last wish by leaving rowdyism and living a normal life and later they came to leave in Kolkata.
Meanwhile, Maria's father rushes to the hospital and tells to Shuvo that Maria is being married to Rohit forcibly. Shuvo reaches the spot, and a fight ensues between Shuvo and Bhavani's henchmen. In the meantime, Dibakar reaches the spot and helps Shuvo fight for Maria. At the very end, when Shuvo is about to kill Bhavani, Dibakar intervenes and stops Shuvo from killing Bhavani, thus bringing an end to the fight. The film ends with Shuvo and Maria seeking blessings for the marriage.