Veettuku Veedu

Vasudevan (Jaishankar) is a rich businessman Kadikalingam's (Major Sundararajan) son, Vasu was fearful man of his father because Kadikalingam is a very strict man. Vasu worked at his father's company as General Manager. Vasu loves a young bold women Malathy (Lakshmi). But Kadikalingam strictly opposed this love, so Vasu leaves his home and registers for marriage to Malathy. The couples are tenants in Kala's (Vennira Aadai Nirmala) house. She is Malathy's close friend and her husband is named Balu (R. Muthuraman). He has a close relationship with another women named as Prameela (Radhika), she is a stage dancer. Kala feels unhappy about her married life. Balu was avoiding Kala. Balu is violent toward his wife. Malathy warns Balu. Balu puts his signature to divorce papers and leaves his wife Kala and he stays at his girl friend Prameela's house.
In the meanwhile, Balu's paternal Uncle died in an accident and his wrote will and with intent on laying their hand on cash 2 lakhs. In a moment of crisis Malathy is forced to make her husband Vasu pose as Kala's husband Balu. Pattusamy (Nagesh) is manager Paramandham's (V. K.. Ramasamy) son, who worked at teaching music. Pattusamy and Paramandham come to Kala's house and spend a week with Kala at home. Pattusamy falls in love with Malathy. He tries to impress Malathy to turn to him. Pattusamy is always standing in front of Malathy's room and watching her. Balu image was down to his girl friend Prameela, she was close to another rich businessman. Balu was sees Vasu and Kala's photo published in a newspaper for a soap company advertisement and he went home and argued with Vasu and Malathy. Then Malathy briefly explained the house situation. Balu claimed to hear the truth and Balu also joins the drama.
Next day, Balu introduces himself to Paramanandham as Ramesh, Malathy's brother from Sri Lanka. Pattusamy closely watches the house and the peoples' activities. Because he thinks there is something wrong inside the house, and he told the doubt to his father but Paramandham does not believe his son. Unfortunately, Kadigalingam reaches Vasu's rented house and calls Kala for our home. Then, Kala and Malathy was explained about the truth and Kadikalingam understood Malathy is his daughter-in-law's and mistress of Vasu. Pattusamy and his father hear the news. They are explained the crisis situation and the Paramandham gives cash into Kala and Balu's hands. Finally Malathy succeeds in her plan and Pattusamy was asked to apologize to Malathy.