Aravaan

The film set in the 18th century is all about a group of people who steals from the wealthy to provide food and shelter for their tribe. Kombodhi (Pasupathy) is one gang's leader and during one of his missions , he always success and keeps his village meagerly fed. One day, the general of their small kingdom comes to the village of komboothi and threatens to kill them all as one of them had single handedly stolen the Queen's diamond necklace. Komboothi refuses this as they go to rob only as a gang and makes a wager with the general. If the general gives their village the thief, their village would do the palace task free for a year. On the other hand, if komboothi gives the general the Queen's necklace, the general must provide them with rice for 2 years.
On the search, he meets the brave Varipuli (Aadhi) and identifies him as the lone thief. He brings Varipuli to his village with the necklace and the village gets enough rice for 2 years. a bond develops between the two. Varipuli joins komboothi's gang and they make lots of heists. komboothi's sister falls in love with Varipuli and when komboothi asks for his identity, Varipuli bluntly refuses for the marriage. Varipuli is housed from the village.
Next day during a bull fight, komboothi is badly injured and varipuli tries to save him by becoming his replacement. When komboothi refuses as he is a wanderer and not having any ancestry, varipuli says that his mother has ancestry from the village of Komboothi and he saves him. Suddenly few guards arrest varipuli and take him. to another village.
Varipuli has a past and his real name is Chinna. He belongs to a village that does the palace and local security. He is very happy and brave. One day a youth Thogaimayan (Bharath) from neighbouring village, is found dead in their village center. A big fight erupts between the villages. The king of their kingdom intervenes and orders China's village to give a young man of same age as offering to god as penalty.
Chinna becomes the accidental choice. 30 days are given as timeline for his execution. He is in love with girl in the same village called Vannapechi(Dhansika). After Chinna is chosen to be the offering to the god Chinna's lover asks her father to permit her to marry Chinna to at least spend his last days together. They marry on the 3rd day. On the 29th day Chinna finds a fellow village man running with a costly silver jewellery. When Chinna asks where he got it from he replies he got it from the dead Thogaimayan's hand. Chinna later finds out from a rich prostitute that it belongs to the king himself, as he had abducted her the next day she became a women and raped her. chinna realises the fact that the killer was the village's King . He secretly confronts the king and the king reveals the story.
The heir less old king abducts and forcefully marries the only princess of the neighbouring kind om , who was about to be married to her love, by killing all family covertly. The king believes that he has expanded his kingdom, as well as got a new attempt to get a son. but the new queen does'nt let him touch her. Months later, the king's second wife is found out to be pregnant . The queen tell she has the baby from the barbarian thogaimayan in order to take revenge on him as she was the princess of a neighbouring kingdom and this King had killed everyone from her family. She proudly says that his heir will not be a royalty, but the son of a barbarian. The king finds out it was Thogaimayan who created this chaos and kills him in the village and then kills his second wife. Chinna captures the king and tries taking him back to the village but the king escapes and falls down a waterfall rather that to prevent the villagers from knowing. Chinna jumps too but his leg is broken and comes out only to find the King is dead. Meanwhile in the village as Chinna is not to be found anywhere they sacrifice chinna's married friend, due to pressure form the other village else. But the village head tells everyone that everyone has a right to kill Chinna as he has bought a disgrace to the village. Chinna gets well and meets his family to know that his wife is pregnant. He says he will go to the killing but his wife tells him to wait for the baby see its face then go.But her father tells Chinna to go out of the village and not come back for 10 years as the villagers will forgive anyone after 10 years exile as the villagers will not believe the truth. Chinna leaves.But the neibouring villagers find him in 9 years and 11 months.
At present Kombodhi and his friends save Chinna and take him in the way they come back again and Chinna surrenders as he doesn't want to live a life like this. He sees his son's face for the first and the last time. only to find out a child he knew from the child's young age is going to kill him he gets the knife and kills himself. As per his last wish, komboothi's villagers cease to rob, and become guards of places.