Achcham Yenbadhu Madamaiyada

The movie opens with the flashback snapshots of the protagonist (Silambarasan) in a small brawl with a mob.
The protagonist, whose name is not mentioned, is revealed to be a care free MBA student and bike enthusiast, accompanied by his close friends Mahesh (Sathish Krishnan), Shyam (R. Shyam), Srikanth (Vicky Vijai) and Auto Selvam (R. S. Karthik). He has two sisters. He has two love stories that revolved around him in the past, one is Sukanya and another is Mallika and now he considers his new Thunderbird bike as his first love ever. However, he meets and falls in love with,Leela (Manjima Mohan), a friend of his sister Mallika who staying in his house while completing her short college course.
He plans a long road trip in his bike to Kannyakumari along with his friend Mahesh but he ditches his friend in the last minute and is accompanied by Leela instead.
They go to Kannyakumari via Salem, Palakkad and Trivandrum. On the trip they go to a rural village and stay for a night where they are taken care by a kind-hearted villager (Madurai Mohan). The next day they reach Kannyakumari and see the Sunrise, here Leela falls for him and after the trip he agrees to drop Leela to her home in Kolhapur.
On the way to Maharastra in a busy highway, they meet with a terrible accident and he injures and breaks his shoulder and tells her he loves her before he passes out.
They feel that something was wrong and that wasn't an accident. The same day, Leela's parents are chased and attacked by unknown assailants.
It is revealed that Leela was the target to be murdered not her parents. The hero and his friend Mahesh visit the hospital that she is in. This is when the movie enters a bizarre violent action space in his life and he decides to save Leela and his family.
However, things take a turn for the worse as they encounter something unexpected. The second half is a well furnished, racy, clearly dispenses the fearless-ness to destroy the corrupt Politician, Police Officer Kamat (Baba Sehgal) and a gangster Hiren (Daniel Balaji). Kamat is the one who does unwanted things to kill Raman and his wife. Mahesh is sadly killed in this mess.
Finally the hero’s name is revealed - it’s not big secret. His name is Rajinikanth. Kamat now knowing his name tries to trace out Rajinikanth even in Mahesh's funeral and finally he reaches Rajinikanth's house where he is revealed that he is Rajnikanth Muralidharan IPS, who attains his posting in the same Kolhapur, where Leela's parents were killed. Finally he assassinates Kamat and goes on a trip to Kanyakumari again to propose to Leela for marriage.