Deyyam

The plot begins with a man returning home late night. He passes through a graveyard on his way to home and he tries to interact with a ghost mistaken for a woman and follows her. He is ambushed and killed by the ghost. Story then moves to a happy couple Murali and Sindhu (Jayasudha), who live with their 3 year old son Chinni (Master Ravi Chandra Padmala) and Sindhu's sister Mahi (Maheswari). They plan to buy an estranged new farm house, which is near the same graveyard shown during the beginning of the movie. Sindhu's sister Mahi (Maheswari) is in love with her boyfriend Narsing (J. D. Chakravarthy) and they often hang out together. Problems start to rise when Sindhu's son starts making imaginary friends in their new home. It is later revealed that his "imaginary friends" are ghosts. Sequence of events happen proving the presence of ghosts in the house. Things grow worse when Chinni becomes prey to the ghosts and is killed in mysterious circumstances. Sindhu sees the ghost of Chinni and feels that he is still alive. Sindhu gets mentally upset and starts to look for Chinni everywhere around the house. Meanwhile, Narsing once while waiting for Mahi near their house by the graveyard on one night comes across the same ghost (seen during the beginning of the movie) and mistakes for Mahi and the ghost tries to attack him. He somehow escapes from there. Later, after inquiring with his friends, he comes to know from his friends that a builder built the farm house on the top of a graveyard and there are a lot rumors arleady in circulation that the place has demonic presence. Narsing understands that Mahi's family is in serious trouble. He warns Mahi to move away from that house immediately, multiple. But Mahi raised as an atheist doesn’t pay heed to his words. The ghosts continues to haunt and kill the family members one after the other. The story comes to climax, where it is revealed that the entire area around the farmhouse is infested with ghosts. The undead rise from their graves and it boils down to Mahi and Narsing remaining (everyone including Mahi’s family joins the undead). They manage to flee from the farmhouse and return to Narsing’s house. To their horror, they find the ghosts of Mahi’s family and other known people around the farmhouse waiting for them. The final scene shows that they’re cornered by the ghosts and surrounded. The film concluded with an uncertain ending whether they escape and survive or not.