The Exception

During World War II, Captain Stefan Brandt (Jai Courtney) is sent to head the personal bodyguard of exiled Kaiser Wilhelm II (Christopher Plummer) at his home in Utrecht, Netherlands. Following the invasion, Nazi authorities are concerned that Dutch spies may be watching Wilhelm. Upon arriving at the residence, Brandt is drawn into an unexpected and passionate romance with Mieke de Jong (Lily James), one of the maids; Mieke soon reveals to Brandt that she is secretly Jewish. Gestapo Inspector Dietrich (Mark Dexter) informs Brandt that the British Secret Service have an agent in a nearby village. In addition to keeping an eye on the Kaiser, Brandt is to determine and report the identity of the agent. It turns out to be Mieke, who reports to a pastor at the local church on events at the Kaiser's home. When SS Commander Heinrich Himmler (Eddie Marsan) decides to visit with a large SS platoon, Brandt is forced to choose between following the Nazi party agenda and protecting Mieke.
As his involvement with Mieke continues, Brandt notices a smell of gun oil from her room. He later sees Mieke leaving the residence grounds and follows. Mieke visits again the pastor and, unaware that Brandt is watching outside a window, tells the pastor that she is prepared to assassinate Himmler (as revenge for the SS killing her father and husband). The SS then intercept the pastor’s radio transmissions to Britain; they arrest and mercilessly beat the pastor. Shortly after, Wilhelm's wife Hermine (Janet McTeer) discovers the lovers’ affair and notifies Wilhelm, expecting him to dismiss Mieke and discipline Brandt. However, Wilhelm supports the relationship; in private, he reveals to the lovers that he fathered illegitimate children prior to meeting Hermine.
When the time comes to have the house searched before Himmler's arrival, Brandt himself searches Mieke's room to protect her ruse. After Himmler’s arrival, Brandt learns that the pastor has revealed Mieke as the British agent; he locates and urges her to go. She refuses, insisting that she has a duty. Meanwhile, Himmler extends to Wilhelm an invitation from Hitler to return to Berlin. He then meets with Brandt and Dietrich, informing them of the gesture and its intention as a trap to expose and eradicate supporters of the monarchy restoration. Against orders, Brandt passes the information along to Wilhelm’s adjutant, Colonel Sigurd von Ilsemann (Ben Daniels).
Mieke does her duty and imparts to Wilhelm a message from British Prime Minister Winston Churchill. Wilhelm is offered asylum in Great Britain and will be restored to the German throne after the defeat of the Nazis; he refuses, preferring not to leave Utrecht. As the Gestapo closes in on the mansion, searching for Mieke, Brandt devises an escape plan. Wilhelm, Mieke and Brandt escape in a van with Wilhelm pretending to have had a heart attack; Brandt kills Dietrich and another suspicious officer in the process. Deep in the woods, Mieke decides to flee, asking Brandt to join her; she fears he will be executed for the murders. Brandt, however, insists that he has a duty to Germany and a protective alibi (he brought Wilhelm to hospital, while Mieke killed the officers and escaped). The two decide to part ways, with Mieke telling Brandt to find her after the war. As Mieke departs, Brandt repeats a marriage proposal that Mieke had earlier refused in fear. This time, she accepts, and disappears into the woods.
Some time later, Brandt is seen at a desk in a Berlin office. He is delivered a package, which contains a book of Nietzsche writings that Mieke had shown him; inside is written a London address. In London, Mieke is seated on a park bench when she is informed that the Prime Minister is ready to see her. Rising, Mieke puts her hand on her belly; she is pregnant. In Brandt’s office, an air raid siren sounds. Though others evacuate, Brandt remains seated, reading Mieke’s book; a plane is heard flying overhead as the screen cuts to black.