The Last: Naruto the Movie

The film is set two years after the Fourth Ninja World War, the manga's final story arc where Naruto Uzumaki and his allies achieve world peace. Kakashi Hatake, now Konohagakure's village leader and the Sixth Hokage, notices that the moon is nearing Earth and will soon collide with it. The crisis is caused by Toneri Otsutsuki, a descendant of Hamura Otsutsuki of the Branch House, who is determined to fulfill his legacy and punish humanity for abusing the energy known as chakra over a millennium. During the Rinne Festival, as Hinata Hyuga knits a red scarf similar to the one Naruto wore when they first met, Sakura Haruno offers to help her. Hinata becomes doubtful as Naruto receives a variety of gifts from others, including another scarf. Toneri infiltrates Konohagakure; although he fails to kidnap Hinata due to Naruto's intervention, he kidnaps Hinata's younger sister, Hanabi Hyuga.
Naruto, Hinata, Sakura, Sai and Shikamaru Nara are assigned by Kakashi to rescue Hanabi. In an abandoned village of the Otsutsuki Clan, Naruto understands the concept of romantic love from seeing Hinata's memories while being caught in an illusion and spending more time with her. Toneri transplants Hanabi's eyes into himself to awaken the Tenseigan which his ancestors sealed over the last millennium, and he proposes to Hinata. To have a chance at saving Hanabi, Hinata accepts his offer after she rejects Naruto's romantic overtures and Naruto falls into a depression. The villagers on Earth defend themselves, intercepting the moon's meteorites and evacuating the civilian population from Toneri's genocidal assault, while Sasuke Uchiha returns to protect Konohagakure.
After recovering for three days, Sakura reassures Naruto that Hinata loves him and the group approaches Toneri's castle. Hamura's spirit contacted Hinata as the Byakugan Princess, explaining that Toneri has misinterpreted his decree. Toneri refuses to listen to Hinata, ruins the scarf and brainwashes her. Invading Toneri's castle, Sakura and Sai secure Hanabi while Shikamaru holds off Toneri's puppets. Naruto saves Hinata from the ceremony where Toneri plans to unleash the Tenseigan and helps her destroy the Tenseigan altar. Toneri uses the remains to strengthen his power, slicing the moon in half as Naruto engages him in combat. With Hinata's help, Naruto overpowers Toneri, sending the moon back into its orbit due to mixing their chakra. After Hinata takes back Hanabi's eyes, Toneri realises the truth about Hamura's decree and decides to remain on the moon to atone for his sins. After Naruto tells Hinata that the scarf he wore earlier belonged to his late mother, they declare their love for each other and return home.
During the final credits, Naruto and Hinata marry in front of their friends. In a post-credits scene before the epilogue, they have two children: Boruto Uzumaki and Himawari Uzumaki.