Mr. Bechara

Anand Verma, a widower and father of a child, admits a woman into the hospital who had lost her memory. Since he admitted her, the doctor asks him to take care of her until she recovers from amnesia. The doctor names her Asha, which is the name of Anand's late wife and makes her believe that she is married to Anand and has a child. Due to the circumstances, Anand has to accept the situation and takes her to his house. Asha insists that she does not remember any incident about her life with Anand. To make her believe it, the doctor lies to her that she has a birthmark in the part of the body only known to her husband. He also places a photograph of hers with the wedding photo of Anand. Asha yet insists that she cannot remember anything but believes that Anand is her husband and she is a mother of his child.
She starts to live with Anand as his wife, which troubles him a lot as he knows that she is not his wife. She also showers affection on the child and gets attached to it. But she comes to know a situation that whatever is told to her is not true and she is neither married to Anand nor is a mother of the child. Anand tells her to leave the house, but she says she cannot leave him or his child and wants to be with them forever. Anand is convinced by everybody and finally agrees to marry her. But Asha has an unknown fear that something might stop their marriage. On the day of marriage, Asha sees someone as a groom, which confuses everyone.
The groom sings a song which jogs Asha's memory. She is actually not Asha, but Anita and her lover is the groom named Ajay. When both were about to marry, they were stopped by some goons because of which Anita fell from the mountain but survived with injuries. Anand, who found out the truth, brought Ajay to unite them. Anand insists Anita marry Ajay as both of them are lovers, to which Anita unwillingly accepts. But while Ajay tries to tie the Mangal Sutra, Anita stops him and she goes to Anand saying that he may not need her, but she needs him and the child. Ajay finds that motherly affection has won his love and leaves Anita to Anand. Both Anand and Anita finally marry.