A Brand New You

In this quirky dark comedy Santiago Morales (Manuel Rodriguez-Saenz) a former engineer, is unable to come to terms with the passing of his wife Viviana (Dalal Badr) who has died of cancer. Santiago rents a room in a house as he struggles to get his financial affairs from the marriage sorted out. He quickly becomes suicidal, obsessing over his late wife by watching videos of her on an iPad and building a shrine to her in his room. Santiago is very particular and keeps things neat, tidy, and organized which leads to clashes with his housemate/landlord Murray (Clinton Lee Pontes) who is a total slob and spends most of his time in his underwear in the living room of the house surrounded by trash and clutter. Santiago discovers that Murray is actually a disgraced geneticist with too much time on his hands. Murray was a rising star in the cloning field until he was caught conducting illegal experiments and was fired. He is itching to get back in the saddle so together they devise a plan involving the other housemate, Laura (Freya Ravensbergen), to clone Santiago's dead wife and thereby bring her back to life. Laura has just lost her waitressing job and is unable to pay her debts so when presented with a relative financial windfall for her role, she reluctantly agrees to take part in the scheme to be the surrogate for their bizarro cloning experiment.
The film is unique and offbeat as the often twisted humour is made genuinely funny by the actors. The logic and consequenses of the characters schemes seem secondary. For example, it doesn’t appear to bother Santiago that his wife would be a baby and not in fact "Viviana" in any way other than genetically. In fact he misses her to such an extreme that its hard not to end up rooting for him to see her.
There is a secondary plot about another scientist seeking to undermine Murray's work. This comes into play as Santiago and Murray attempt to source the equipment they need for their experiment. Ultimately and perhaps predictably, the entire scheme ends up in danger of falling apart and that's when the creativity in the film shines. The character work and script development keep the characters moving along their dramatic arch in a funny and unique way.[2][3][4][5][6]