Shake, Rattle & Roll XV

Troy's wife Julie (Solenn Heusaff) was locked at a store's dressing room and died after Sarah (Erich Gonzales) killed her. Troy (Jc de Vera) suddenly wakes up after a bad dream about the death of his wife.
It's Sandra's 25th birthday and there is a celebration of Alegria Mall's 25th anniversary [clarification needed] and Iggy Moda (John Lapus) just got word that the story about Sarah being a snake is not true. Julie was a nasty person who tried to steal clothes. Julie then started complaining about why the cashier line was too long. The sales lady (Mosang) got angry at her so she locked her in the dressing room. When she looked at the mirror, she became suspicious, when she got outside it was Sarah's room. Julie goes back inside the dressing room and when she looked at the mirror, the glasses were thrown at her. She was then eaten by Sarah.
Sarah is obsessed with Troy. Someone tried to possess her body saying that she is not a snake and Troy will never fall in love with her. Jake (Jason Francisco) asked Mang Banjo (Lou Veloso) if he is drunk. Jake said that he is on duty and said that next week they will hang out and they will have lots of girls. Then Mang Banjo steps into the elevator with the key to Sarah's room. Troy returns home and gets a knife, using it to kill Sarah. Alberto (Ariel Rivera) goes to Sarah along with Sandra and Mang Banjo but Sarah kills Alberto. Troy arrives and hurts Sarah. The snake and Iggy Moda fight until he was thrown into a glass pane. Then Sarah begin finding them. After Sarah reunites with Sandra, Troy attacks but Sarah knocks him down. Sarah eats Troy but Troy succeeds in killing her in the process, leaving Sandra heartbroken and guilty.
In this segment of the horror anthology, a family is being fed by their maid with delicious dishes with unusual ingredients that soon turn them into horrible monsters and they end up killing each other. This episode stars Carla Abellana and Dennis Trillo.
During a financial crisis, Manila Air lays off some employees as part of a cost-cutting strategy. One of these employees is baggage handling supervisor Carlos (Bernard Palanca).
Sometime later, a Manila Air flight traveling the Manila-Zamboanga v.v. route, with the flight number 666, boards passengers. Among the passengers are celebrity vlogger and television show host Tim (Kim Atienza), gay businessman Iggy, two members of a famous band doing a gig in the province and their fans, and a mother and her daughter Jane. Also on the flight are socialite Connie Joy Viado and a married couple, all of who are seated at the first class cabin.
After the plane takes off and reaches its cruising altitude, Carlos instigates hijacks the plane, demanding the airline to wire money to an account to form compensation for employees who were laid off during a cost-cutting. Connie overhears the chaos and hides in one of the lavatories only to find the couple doing a mile high club, whom she urges to calm down and stop their acts out of feat of being killed. Suddenly, Jane gives birth to a "tiyanak" (a monstrous creature from Philippine mythology) that soon attacks the rest of the people inside the aircraft one by one. Flight attendant Karen (Lovi Poe), who has a relationship with Dave (Matteo Guidicelli), together with the help of another flight attendant Bryan (Daniel Matsunaga) and Tim must work together to save them from disaster.
The tiyanak kills the hijacker as Tim and Bryan fly the plane after losing the pilots. After the flight lands, everyone escapes as the bomb planted by the hijacker explodes, killing the tiyanak. As the survivors recuperate while authorities interview them, the father of the "tiyanak" vengefully appears watching in the distance. After the credits, one of the passengers, Iggy is shown to have survived the explosion.