Pallikoodam

The movie revolves around an ailing school in a village where the land owner wants to demolish the school while the old students prevent the school from getting shut. Kokila (Sneha) lives in a village and she works in a local school where she had also studied. The school was constructed by Kokila’s grandfather years ago and dispute arises between her family members, where her uncle wanted to demolish the school and sell the land as the school is in very bad state.
Kumarasamy aka Kumar (Thagar Bachan) is a poor man who lives in the same village and is the class mate of Kokila. Once he meets Vetrivel (Naren) while his visit to the nearby city. Vetri and Kumar were close friends during childhood and both feel happy meeting after years. Vetrivel is the district collector now. Meanwhile, the two also get to meet Muthu (Seeman) who is a film director now and is also their close friend. All the three friends get united after many years.
A flashback is shown where Vetri, Kumar and Muthu were close friends during schooldays. All three belong to poor families and Vetri falls in love with his classmate Kokila, who is a rich girl. Jhansi (Shriya) is a doctor who visits the village for conducting a medical camp. All three boys get closer to Jhansi as she is kind and she looks after them very well. Jhansi takes care of Muthu after his father’s sudden death.
Meanwhile, Vetri and Kokila’s love affair is known to her family members and they beat Vetri and his parents. Also Kokila’s family accuses that Jhansi helped the love and insults her in front of the villagers. Muthu takes Jhansi along with him. Also Vetri goes out of village. Thus the close friends lose their contact with each other. Coming back to present, all three friends meet and share their old good memories. Muthu is married and he takes care of Jhansi still. Also Kumar is married. Kumar describes the pathetic state of their old school in village and requests them to take some action to prevent it from getting shut. The friends come up with a plan of conducting an alumni reunion so that the school gets attention.
But Vetri is not interested to return to the village as he has been humiliated by Kokila’s family members’ long time back. He is also angry on Kokila as she didn’t turn up when Vetri was beaten by her relatives. Kumar and Muthu convince Vetri to come to village. Kokila still loves Vetri but Kumar lies to Kokila that Vetri is married which makes Kokila angry. Kokila feels that Vetri has ditched her and started a new life while she still loves him.
An event has been organized to celebrate the 75th year of the school by inviting all the alumni. Vetri and Muthu are invited as special guests as that would make the event more popular. Vetri and Muthu arrive at the village and visit their school. Vetri does not talk to Kokila and also Kokila does not want to talk to Vetri. So they don’t meet up. The event is organized in a grand manner and this attracts the media attentions also.
The event gets completed but still the land owner wants to demolish the school but is finally convinced by everyone. Meanwhile, Kumar informs the truth that Vetri is not yet married and he just lied so that Kokila will forget him and make her mind for marrying someone else. Kokila understands Vetri’s love meanwhile Vetri also understands that Kokila was helpless and was locked up by her family members while Vetri was beaten. Vetri and Kokila get united in the end.