Patthar Ke Sanam

The story revolves around two friends, Meena (Mumtaz) and Taruna (Waheeda Rehman). Meena lives a wealthy lifestyle along with her widowed dad, Thakur, in a small town in India. Taruna is her assistant as well as her best friend. Meena, while coming to her village from town, meets Rajesh, who teases her. When Meena's dad hires a new manager, she comes to know that he is the same person she met on the train. She, along with Taruna, try to tease Rajesh by pretending to be in love with him. He finds out and pretends that he has fallen in love with both. As a result, both women end up falling in love with him for real, and Thakur is ready to permit Meena to wed him. Meena makes it clear that she wants Rajesh for herself and reminds Taruna that she had been engaged to their manager, Lala Bhagatram (Pran), when Taruna was a child. Lala Bhagatram is a very nasty man, who keeps reminding Taruna in public that he will marry as per the childhood promise. Then Rajesh is assaulted by some men and his mother, Shanti, (Lalita Pawar) looks after him. When Thakur sees her, he remembers that he had murdered her husband for all the wealth. Shanti hassles with a secret, that Meena is actually her daughter and Rajesh is Thakur's son. She wants them to get married so that she can be the owner of all the wealth again. Shanti begs Taruna to go away from Rajesh or else her plan will fail. Taruna agrees and pretends she doesn't love Rajesh. But Rajesh only loves Taruna and is emotionally hurt. Taruna can't take this anymore and decides to kill herself. Haria (Mehmood)- a childish mentally challenged person reveals that she is not dead, but Lala Bhagatram has kept her in captivity. Rajesh goes and fights all the goons including Lala Bhagatram, but is beaten by them. Gauri (Aruna Irani) and Taruna are transferred somewhere else with someone watching them constantly. Gauri's tied hands are freed by Taruna by cleverly avoiding the watchful eyes of the goons. Gauri jumps from the window and informs Rajesh. Rajesh goes and frees Taruna. In this fighting, Meena dies, Lala Bhagatram is killed by Thakur and Thakur is taken in custody. Shanti wants to leave, but Rajesh and Taruna insist that she stay with them. Haria and Gauri marry as well.