Jacobinte Swargarajyam

Jacob (Renji Panicker) is a successful businessman settled in Dubai with wife Sherly (Lakshmy Ramakrishnan) and their four kids – Jerry (Nivin Pauly), Abin (Sreenath Bhasi), Ammu (Aima Sebastian), and Chris (Stacen). Jacob is always respected for his ideas by his colleagues and he had done many businesses before starting a steel business. Then comes global recession and Jacob moves for a lucrative trade through his Pakistani colleague, Ajmal, by taking a total of 8 million dirhams from his investors. Ajmal cheats Jacob and Jacob is left in a debt of 8 million dirhams which he happens to know on his 25th wedding anniversary. Soon Jacob's credibility and trustful way of doing business is lost and is forced to travel to Liberia to get a deal, but doesn't go well and is forced to stay there to avoid arrest. With no other way and continued complaints from the investors especially from Murali Menon (Ashwin Kumar), Jerry decides to give his best to solve the problems by stepping into his dad's shoes.
Jerry, without a trade license or an office, faces many difficulties at first. He decides to go out completely with what his father has taught him about business. He meets a self-made businessman Yusuf Shah (Vineeth Sreenivasan) and strikes a deal with him, eventually he earns his trust and the business grows. Jerry motivates Abin to start a tours and travel company and they succeed in it. Jerry settles most of the debts and gains trust with them. But investor Murali Menon pressurizes him for full payment, Jerry with his mother tries to close deals and collect money, but they were only able to collect a half what they owed. Finally Murali moves the case against Jerry in Dubai High court but the case is rejected because the case was against the company and it is registered under Jacob's name. Murali who also is affected by recession is in deep debt, he is forced to agree with Jerry's conditions. Jerry expands his company with Yusuf Shah and clears his family's debts. His father is back in Kerala and he goes to visit him after a longtime with girlfriend. Jerry finds hard to communicate with his father, because he isn't anymore the person he knew, a man with full of life and dreams. His mother intervenes and they break the silly tension between them and the family happily goes on with life.