Triple Cross

Early in the Second World War, debonair safecracker Eddie Chapman (Christopher Plummer) blows open a wall safe. Outside, a car is backfiring repeatedly and a marching band is passing, which mask the blast. Chapman casually removes some jewels from the safe and examines them for the choicest items. He leaves a card in the safe complimenting its owners for being victims of the "Gelignite Gang". The gang pulls off a series of heists before Chapman is caught while on holiday on the island of Jersey, where he is imprisoned. After ten months, he sees German soldiers landing outside the prison and learns that war has broken out.
Chapman offers to work as a spy for the Germans, who are at first skeptical of his motives, but because of his unique qualifications they must consider it. They eventually fake his execution and smuggle him into occupied France where, working closely with his handler, Col. Baron von Grunen (Yul Brynner), he is trained to be a spy. He becomes romantically involved with a fellow spy known only as Countess (Romy Schneider), one of the agents who first interviewed him. He is closely watched by the dour Lt. Keller (Harry Meyen), who never trusts him. They are all watched by Col. Steinhager (Gert Fröbe), von Grunen's immediate subordinate.
On his first mission Chapman is parachuted into England at night, but it turns out to be a test of his loyalty and he has actually been dropped close to the German spy school. He comes up with a plausible story to explain why it took him as long as it did to radio his German handlers. He is then dropped into England on an actual mission, but goes straight to the police and via them to the British military. He shows his identity card and identifies several radio frequencies the Germans are using, which, since they already know some to be secret German war-use frequencies, convinces the British officials Chapman's story is true. They negotiate with him: in return for working as a double agent for Britain he wants a full pardon for his crimes, £5,000, and a war commendation.
The Germans radio a message ordering Chapman to blow up the Vickers aircraft factory. The British use fake explosives and camouflage to make it seem like Chapman has been successful. His German handlers order him to return to Germany, where he learns that von Grunen has been sent to the Russian front and, because the tide of the war has turned against Germany, everyone is suspicious and afraid. He receives the Iron Cross for having accomplished his Vickers mission; and is able to get von Grunen recalled. Chapman's next mission to England, devised by von Grunen (who is part of a group of officers plotting to assassinate Adolf Hitler), is intended to benefit all the branches of the German military. But Chapman returns to his British handlers, who give him false information to send to the German forces, which significantly hastens the end of the war. Chapman ends up on the winning side, which he has always said was what motivated his wartime activities, with his pardon and his financial compensation.