Simanaheen

During the time of violent religious riots in partition time Bengal, Suraiya (Ismat) secretly receives classical dance lessons from Amar’s sister, while Amar (Rahsaan Noor) spies on the sessions. Stealing glances at one another, Amar and Suraiya fall in love despite Amar being a Hindu and Suraiya being a Muslim.
Running side-by-side, but in a different time, Kavita (Ismat) is a medical student living obediently with her parents in modern-day Chicago. One night, while at a party, Kavita meets Raiyan (Rahsaan Noor) and they slowly fall in love despite Kavita’s fears that her parents will not accept her relationship with a Muslim Boy.
Kavita tries to slowly introduce Raiyan, under a false Hindu name, to her family during her cousin’s wedding. After the festivities, Raiyan and Kavita finally confront their religious differences and agree that they accept each other for who they are. However, Kavita’s parents soon find out Raiyan’s true identity and force her to break up with him. Parallel to this, Amar tries to stop Suraiya’s wedding but is ridiculed and beaten up by her family.
Kavita tries to move forward with a new life by agreeing to marry Joy Bose. She is, however, constantly distracted by thoughts of Raiyan when she is with Joy. Raiyan is similarly torn apart and goes as far as praying at a Hindu temple in order to test his belief that two faiths can live together.
After hearing news of the death of Raiyan’s father, Kavita secretly attends his funeral where she runs into Raiyan. After a brief encounter, the two part again with the understanding that Kavita will marry Joy Bose. In the past storyline, touched by the fact that Amar was willing to become a Muslim for her, Suraiya runs away with him. The two run away to a Kolkata church but are tracked down by Suraiya’s family. In the resulting fight, Amar is killed by Suraiya’s brother.
In the present, Raiyan decides to return a family heirloom that Kavita had gifted him. He meets Suraiya’s family at their home only to discover that they have canceled Kavita’s wedding. In flashback, the discussion at Kavita’s wedding reveals that Kavita’s maternal grandmother was a Muslim whom converted to Hinduism after her family killed her Hindu boyfriend. Kavita’s grandmother was Suraiya.
After hearing the story, Raiyan rushes to the mandir to meet Kavita and they have a heart-touching reunion.