Albert R.N.

The escape tunnel for the Allied prisoners at a German prisoner-of-war camp for naval officers is discovered.
Lieutenant Ainsworth devises a scheme with the escape committee to use a dissembled mannequin named Albert to convince the Germans that all prisoners sent outside the camp for a bathhouse wash up are returned to the camp. A piece of Albert is smuggled with the prisoners going to the bathhouse and reassembled for the return. Ainsworth also has a woman pen pal he has never seen; he plans to marry her once he is free. Though the originator has the right to try out his own idea, Ainsworth insists that his hut mates draw cards for the privilege; Erickson wins and gets away.
After waiting a while, they decide to reuse the ploy. This time, Ainsworth's friend, after hearing that his pen pal has not written in a while, sees to it that the draw is rigged so that he wins. Ainsworth, however, auctions off his place, only to have Captain Maddox, the senior prisoner of war, order him to go. Ainsworth is recaptured the same day.
Later, the camp commandant informs the men that Erickson was shot while resisting arrest by the Gestapo; his ashes are handed over.
When SS Hauptsturmführer Schultz expresses interest in American Lieutenant "Texas" Norton's chronometer, Norton notes Schultz is in charge of the camp's boundary lights and asks him to see that they malfunction during the next Allied nighttime bombing raid. However, it is a trap. Schultz signals his men to turn the lights back on while Norton is cutting thought the barbed wire fence, then shoots him down in cold blood.
Schultz tries to suborn Ainsworth, but Ainsworth tells him he will see to it he is prosecuted for murder after the war. When Schultz becomes the new kommandant, Ainsworth insists on trying to escape again, using Albert. He gets away, but waits at night to confront Schultz outside the camp. After a struggle, he gets Schultz's pistol. When Allied bombs drop uncomfortably close by, Schultz runs for it. Ainsworth is unable to bring himself to shoot the fleeing German in the back, but a bomb kills him. Ainsworth takes back Norton's chronometer from the dead man and walks away.