Do Gaz Zameen Ke Neeche

Rajvansh, a rich widower and young scientist rescues a woman named Anjali and marries her. She forces her husband to fulfill her maternal uncle's demands for money all the time. Unwillingly, he consents. He soon realizes that his marriage is a failure because his wife and her uncle try to extort money from him all the time.
One day, he rescues a woman named Meera and while she is unconscious, he gets her to his home. He nurses her to good health with the help of his two faithful servants. Meera starts respecting and idolizing her master, but faces the wrath of Anjali. Anjali constantly taunts Meera and Rajvansh.
Frustrated by all this, Rajvansh keeps working in his laboratory which is set up at his home. One day while working some drops of chemical spill in his milk and he unknowingly drinks it. He becomes very ill. Anjali is least concerned. Rajvansh loses his ability to walk. Meera nurses him and constantly prays to God to make him well soon. Rajvansh's friend and family doctor advises him to get admitted to the hospital for better treatment, for which Anjali flatly refuses stating he will never recover in the hospital and she will search for a better doctor for him.
In the meantime, Anjali meets her old lover Anand with the help of her uncle and convinces him to stay at her home as a doctor and pretend to treat Rajvansh. She romances Anand behind Rajvansh's back. One day, Rajvansh catches them red-handed. Anjali compels Anand to kill Rajvansh for his property and they put his corpse in a big iron box and bury him in the graveyard with the help of Joseph (gravedigger).
Soon, they realize the key to the safe which contains lots of cash and money is missing. The search proves futile when they soon realize the key is in the coat of Rajvansh, who is dead and lies 6 feet under the ground. Soon Rajvansh returns as a zombie, to revenge his death. Scientist Rajvansh makes a plot to kill his wife, her boyfriend and maternal uncle who had betrayed him for money.