Cherapakura Chedevu Dubbed in Tamil as Illarame Inbam and released in 1956

The story begins with a couple Govinda Rao (Ravulapalli) & Shanta (Lakshmi Rajyam), they are having a son Anand (Amarnath), daughter-in-law Lalitha (Sowcar Janaki), daughter Seeta (Chandra Kumari), and son-in-law Pitambaram (Relangi). Govind Rao’s first wife’s son Mohan (N. T. Rama Rao) leaves the house as a child. Anand’s friend Dayanidhi (R. Nageswara Rao) is very close to the family. Govind Rao becomes sick and writes a letter to Mohan to come back home but Shanta not willing to share the property does not post the letter. Knowing this Govind Rao sends a telegram secretly to Mohan and he starts immediately. But on the way, he saves Gangadharam (Doraiswamy) & his daughter Savitri (Pushpalata) attacked by thieves, he is injured and gets admitted to the hospital. He asks Gangadharam to give telegram to his father. Shanta receives it and with the help of Dayanidhi plans to create a fake will and cleverly makes Govind Rao sign on it. By the time Mohan reaches home Govind Rao dies. Shanta blames him that he came for sharing the property and doesn’t come when father was sick and tells him that the property belongs to Anand and throws him out of the house.
Gangadharam forces Mohan to stay in his house for some time. Mohan & Savitri fell in love. Anand under the influence of Dayanidhi becomes a slave to Menaka (Raja Sulochana), a prostitute and he ignores wife & mother. Shanta’s daughter Seeta & Pitambaram comes under the trap of drama company manager and spoiling the property. Anand & Dayanidhi sends Shanta on pilgrimage and starts staying at Menaka’s house. He throws his sister & brother-in-law out of the house. Mohan knowing this tries to change his brother without success by joining as a driver at Menaka's house in disguise. Fortunately, Savitri & Lalitha are friends both go to Menaka’s home, Anand insults them. Mohan beats Anand sends both women back. Anand felt insulted at the same time Shanta returns back from pilgrimage and in that angry mood, Anand slaps his mother when she questions him. Disgusted Shanta leaves home. On the way, she falls under Anand’s car. Mohan saves and brings her to his house when she realizes her mistake and understands the virtue of Mohan. On hearing that Lalitha went to Anand, Mohan also goes there. Lalitha listens that Menaka and Dayanidhi are conspiring against Anand, so, she rescues her husband and brings him back home. Dayanidhi in rage traps Savitri. Mohan protects her and sees the end of Dayanidhi. Finally, the entire family is reunited and the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Mohan & Savitri.