Thillu Mullu

Aiyampettai Arivudainambi Kaliyaperumal Chandran (Rajinikanth) is looking for a better paying job after completing his degree. He and his sister Uma (Viji Chandrasekhar) have no relatives or acquaintances except their doctor/family friend (Poornam Vishwanathan). The doctor advises him to attend an interview for a job at his friend Sriramachandramurthy's (Thengai Srinivasan) import-export company, Sarojini Traders. Sriramachandramurthy is a man of traditional values: he hates youths wearing modern clothes. He is a sports fan but thinks lowly of youths knowing anything about sports. He dislikes men without moustaches as he believes such men are characterless.
Chandran, however, has a moustache; the doctor advises Chandran to take care of the other problems by acting in a manner Sriramachandramurthy appreciates: namely wearing a Nehru jacket for a usual dress given the poverty in the country, to always tell his full name, giving importance to his moustache, behaving decently, showing a lack of interest in sports and drama considering that they do not promote any well being to the home or the country, respecting one's parents and detesting the concept of having someone else recommend a person for jobs instead of recommending for oneself. Sriramachandramurthy hires him immediately after Chandran impresses him.
One day, Chandran takes leave by pretending that his mother, who actually died many years ago, has taken ill and goes to watch a football match. Sriramachandramurthy, who attends the match as well, sees him there. The next day, Sriramachandramurthy queries Chandran about what he witnessed. To escape from the ire of his boss and being fired from his first job, he lies that it was his identical twin brother Indran. Remembering the plot of a film his friend, actor Nagesh is shooting, Chandran convinces Sriramachandramurthy that he had seen his "moustache-less" identical twin, Indran, at the stadium. Sriramachandramurthy buys his argument and feels bad about accusing him. He makes amends by hiring Indran to teach his daughter Sarojini (Madhavi) music.
For most of the rest of the film Chandran leads a dual life: as Chandran, a sincere hardworking employee, and as Indran, who teaches music to Sarojini; subsequently, the two fall in love. Things takes an unexpected turn when Sriramachandramurthy asks Chandran to meet his mother. Chandran, with Nagesh's help, requests a wealthy socialite, Meenakshi Duraiswamy (Sowcar Janaki) to pretend to be Chandran's widowed mother. A series of humorous scenarios follow, all involving Chandran fooling Sriramachandramurthy. Chandran tells Sarojini the truth. Sarojini tells him to tell the truth to Sriramachandramurthy as well. Chandran goes to Sriramachandramurthy to tell the truth, but Sriramachandramurthy sees Chandran's moustache giving away. Sriramachandramurthy exposes Chandran but ends up thinking that Indran murdered Chandran and impersonated him to marry Sarojini. Sriramachandramurthy then chases Chandran across the city to kill him. Due to his rash driving, he seemingly cripples Uma during the chase.
Sriramachandramurthy is sued by lawyer Charu Haasan (Kamal Haasan) on Chandran's behalf for injuring Uma. Sriramachandramurthy is, for the most part, scared during the lawyer's monologue, but eventually realises that he is being fooled again — this time by Charu Haasan, who is actually an actor hired by Chandran, while Uma was not actually crippled in the chase. At this point, all the main characters approach Sriramachandramurthy and tell him the truth. A visibly confused and shaken Sriramachandramurthy locks himself in a room, and comes out clean shaven after a while, feeling that he does not need something which caused so much trouble. Sriramachandramurthy then laments to Lord Kartikeya about his foolishness. As he does so, the picture of Kartikeya changes into that of Lord Ganesha; a voice from heaven (Ganesha's) apologises to him as he was also involved in fooling him.