Space Squad

Geki Jumonji, the new Space Sheriff Gavan and his partner Shelly are about to raid a deal involving Mad Gallant, a member of the Space Criminal Organization Genmaku. However, instead of waiting for backup, Geki decides to confront the enemies himself. However, the deal is proved to be a trap, with Mad Gallant defeating Geki and Shelly apparently killed one of his companions. When Banban Akaza from the Fire Squad arrives, he finds a wounded Geki and Shelly's body missing. Eager to avenge Shelly, Geki is taken off the case by Director Sophie, who claims that in his current state, he is a liability. However, upon having a glance on her monitor, he finds the name of Marika "Jasmine" Hiwatari, a member of Earth's Dekarangers with the power of psychometry, and Geki interrupts the marriage of Marika's fellow Dekarangers Senichi and Koume to ask for their help under a request from the Galactic Union Police.
With Hoji, Senichi and Koume in tow, Geki takes Jasmine to the crime scene, where they discover the identity of the shooter, Kuronen and track him down to Earth where the confront him along Mad Gallant and his aid Benikiba as well. During his fight with Mad Gallant, Gavan's Laser Blade is destroyed and he is rescued in the nick of time by Ban. As the criminals escape once again, Gavan and the others return to the Dekarangers' base where their investigation connects Mad Gallant and his cohorts with a mysterious case of hundreds of people having their blood sucked dry to death, and the manufacturing company "Smile and Gentleness". Geki and Koume then question Lars, the president of Smile and Gentleness who reveals to them that he is being threatened by Genmaku, with his secretary being one of their spies sent to keep and eye on him. The policemen then confront the secretary, who reveals herself as Benikiba, and Gavan leaves Koume behind to confront Benikiba and protect Lars alone to chase after Kuronen but finds no one, and when he returns, he finds Lars and a severely wounded Umeko, holding a mysterious black mask.
As Umeko is under treatment and the mask is analyzed by Swan, Sen blames Gavan for leaving Umeko behind to chase after vengeance. They also discover that Gavan forged his request for their assistance and he is sent to prison on Planet Bird. While investigating Lars' office, Hoji and Sen discover that Lars and Mad Gallant are the same person, while Benikiba storms the Dekarangers' HQ and extracts Lars, returning the mask to him, which he uses to transform into Mad Gallant. Lars then reveals that the mask gives him the powers and memories of the original Mad Gallant, who was defeated by Juspion decades ago. After Mad Gallant and Benikiba defeat Deka Break and Deka Master and escape. The Dekarangers investigate further and discover that all victims of the bloodsucking case had the ability to transform, and that Shelly had a higher power than the others, implying that she must be alive and used by Lars to complete his plan. Umeko recovers and reveals that she was not left behind by Gavan, as she asked to deal with Benikiba by herself, but was unaware of Lars' true colors and was stabbed by him. Hoji, Senichi, Jasmine and Koume then decide to break into the prison where Gavan is held and rescue him. Ban also appears and joins them to chase after Lars and rescue Shelly.
As Lars beats Shelly in order to have her bleed enough to complete his weapon "Satan Gorth", Benikiba states that her mission assisting him is over and leaves. Gavan and the Dekarangers arrive soon after and while Gavan confronts Lars, the Dekarangers fight and defeat Kuronen. During his fight with Lars, Geki is approached by his senior and the original Gavan Retsu Ichijouji, who gives him a new Laser Blade, called the Laser Blade Origin, which was forged on Juspion's home planet, Ejin. Using it, Geki finally managed to defeat Lars and destroy Mad Gallant's mask. However, Lars lives long enough to activate Satan Gorth, but it is destroyed by Ban using the Deka Wing Cannon. After returning to the Galactic Police's base, Sophie reveals to Geki that she and Ban had arranged for him to work with the other Dekarangers since the beginning and Shelly decides to leave Geki's side and work at the main office, while Geki is nominated as the first leader of the "Space Squad", instructing him to select other Sentai and Metal Heroes to form a team to take down Genmakuu once and for all.
In the post credits, Sen and Umeko resume their marriage ceremony, but when they are about to kiss, an embarrassed Sen becomes constipated and runs to the toilet, driving Umeko into rage.
Girls in Trouble: Space Squad Episode Zero (ガールズ・イン・トラブル スペース・スクワッド EPISODE ZERO, Gāruzu In Toraburu Supēsu Sukuwaddo Episōdo Zero) is the second movie and was released on DVD and Blu-Ray on August 9, 2017.[8] This movie focuses as a prologue to Gavan vs. Dekaranger, taking place in the day before the event.[1][2][3][6] It focuses on the female casts of Dekaranger, Space Sheriff Gavan: The Movie and Space Sheriffs: Next Generation.[1][2] Shooting was made simultaneously with Gavan vs. Dekaranger.[14]
Something happened when Dekarangers' Twin Cam Angel (Jasmine and Umeko) met with Space Detectives Shelly, Sissy and Tammy in the day before Gavan vs. Dekaranger.