Taxi Ramudu

Ramu (N. T. Rama Rao) a taxi driver meets his childhood friend Saroja (Devika) after so many years, both of them fell in love. Saroja's father Ramayya (K.V.S.Sarma) works as a manager in Janardhana Rao’s (Gummadi) company. Janardhana Rao is a millionaire his only son Mohan (Jaggayya) is a spoiled kid due to his bad companions. Saroja also joins as steno in the same company, seeing her efficiency Janardhan Rao decides to make her as his daughter-in-law to keep his son in a right way. Janardhana Rao visits Ramayya house with the marriage proposal but Saroja refuses due to bad character of Mohan. Meanwhile, Ramayya loses Rs. 10,000 of office cash for which he was blamed. Ramayya tries to commit suicide. Saroja requests Janardhan Rao then he keeps a condition to marry his son. Saroja goes in search of Ramu but not able find him, so, she has no other way expect to accept for the marriage. Ramu also comes to know regarding this, by the time he gets the money by selling his taxi the marriage is completed. After the marriage, Mohan harasses Saroja a lot, even after a birth of a child there is no change in his character. So Janardhan Rao keeps his entire property in the name of the child and dies. Saroja gives back the entire property to Mohan and leaves the house with the child where Mohan understands her virtue and turns himself into a straight arrow. But his old companion Naagu (Rajanala) a crooked person still blackmails him. Mohan necks him out, keeping this in mind he plans to kill Mohan through a timebomb.
Desperate Ramu becomes drunker and in frustration, he too wants to kill Mohan and reaches his office but at the last minute, he changes his idea by remembering Saroja. At that time he comes to know about the timebomb, in the context of saving Mohan Ramu loses his eyesight. He has operated but bandages are yet to be removed, Mohan keeps Ramu in his house and Saroja serves him. Humiliated Naagu wants to take revenge against Mohan so he murders Mohan's ex-girlfriend Mohini (Ragini) who is good in nature and keeps the blame on Mohan. Mohan is arrested and the case is under prosecution. Before dying Mohini writes a letter to Mohan that she has a life threat from Naagu, somehow the letter reaches Saroja, Naagu tries to kidnap her and in the process of protecting Saroja Ramu removes his bandages and gets back his eyesight. Ramu saves Saroja but he is badly wounded, at last, he reaches the court with the letter and proves that Mohan is innocent by sacrificing his life.