Aarya (Telugu dubbing)

Geetanjali a.k.a. Geetha (Anuradha Mehta), a college student, goes to Kanyakumari on a trip. She finds a poem in a diary left on a beach and signs in it, saying that she wishes the poet will succeed in his love. Later on, her anklet falls into the ocean and a guy jumps into the water in front of her eyes but no one sees him resurfacing. However, Geetha did not see who jumped in the ocean. She dreams about the incident frequently with the idea that the guy who jumped has died but her friends ask her to forget it.
Ajay (Siva Balaji) is a spoiled brat, and is the son of local MP Avataram (Rajan P. Dev). He likes to flirt with beautiful girls and wants them to be his girlfriends. One day he sees Geetha and proposes to her. When she refuses, he threatens to jump from the top of college building. Being afraid of being held responsible for a death, Geetha accepts the proposal with the thought that as some guy has already died for her and she doesn't want someone to get hurt because of her and starts dating him. Aarya (Allu Arjun) is a happy-go-lucky guy who enjoys his life with friends and kids. On his first day to the college, he sees Geetha who was just confessing her love to Ajay who was at the top of the college building, threatening her. Charmed by her beauty, Aarya falls in love with her and proposes to her. She rejects his proposal saying that she is already committed to Ajay. One day Avataram arranges a party in his house and it so turns out that Ajay introduces Geetha to his father and persuades him to fix their marriage. Ajay's father, who initially pretended to accept his son's marriage with Geetha, turns tables upside down by introducing another girl Lalasa and announces that his son is going to marry Lalasa. He threatens his son not to marry anyone except Lalasa. Being embarrassed by the situation and helpless, Ajay sits down and starts to get frustrated. Aarya, who loves Geetha so much that he never hesitated to help her, decides to bring Ajay to Geetha and helps them elope. On their way, they are followed by Avataram's henchmen. They eventually find a train and get into it.
When they get down of the train in the night, they are shocked to see the leader of Avataram's henchmen who forces Geetha to come with him, defying his boss' order. On the other hand, Ajay remains helpless, while Aarya fights all the men and finally defeats them, rescuing Ajay and Geetha. They walk on to the nearby town, which happens to be Aarya's hometown. Being tired, the three go to bed.
The next morning they wake up and realize that Ajay is missing. Aarya tries to convince Geetha that Ajay left to win over his father. This leaves private time for Aarya and Geetha and they grow close to each other. Geetha starts liking Aarya and begins to understand him. When she tries to confess it to him, Ajay and his father return. Avataram agrees to get Ajay married to Geetha.
On the day of wedding, Geetha finds out that Aarya was the guy who dove into the sea for her anklet and realizes that he came into her life much before Ajay. She realizes that while Ajay blackmailed her into loving him; Aarya just wanted to see her happy. Geetha also realizes that Aarya truly loves her, while Ajay was just acting on his impulse of wanting what he couldn't have. She leaves the wedding hall in tears and confesses her love to Aarya.