Kabadi Kabadi

Kabaddi gave a story of the unrequited love of Kaji (Dayahang Rai) for his soltini Maiya last year. As it was a good film with ample humour, the thoroughly entertaining film got all the love from the audience. One year has passed in Naurikot, Mustang and Kaji is back with Kabaddi Kabaddi. His love for Maiya has not changed, but Maiya is no different. She doesn’t reciprocate her feeling. She has a new admirer, Kaji’s rival—Bum Kaji. Both the Kajis compete with each other to win Maiya. The nearly two-hour-long entertaining journey unveils the winner.[2]
Kabaddi Kabaddi is the continued story of Kabaddi’s Kaji and Maiya. Retelling the same unrequited love story and romance of the two could have been dull but Rambabu Gurung has written the story brilliantly and articulately, and with intrigue and has directed with the same passion. As such the story has evolved along with the characters. The screenplay by director Gurung and Upendra Subba is also noteworthy.
The character of Bum Kaji, politics and sub-plots of Kaji’s two friends with tidbits of music and action have been mixed to the love story.
Also, the message of how politics works and how a husband and wife should be is nuanced.
However, there are a few things that don’t add up. Maiya is the same and hasn’t matured despite going through a lot in the first film. Bibek’s character (Nischal Basnet) again makes an appearance as Bum Kaji’s friend but their relationship hasn’t been explored to rest the curiosity of the audience. Perhaps, there is room for another Kabaddi film.
Kabaddi Kabaddi poster Maiya has less screen presence but has done fine as a chirpy village girl. Meanwhile, Bijay Baral and Buddhi Tamang, who play Kaji’s friends, have complemented the film.
Malla as Bum Kaji is the icing on the cake. The brilliant actor has pulled off his quirky character of a musician who is also a lover boy. He has shown great comic timing.
Nonetheless, the film’s USP is humour—right from the first scene where one of Kaji’s friends is writing a love letter for Kaji with blood (of chicken!) to Maiya while another friend roasts the same chicken with the beautiful backdrop of mountains till the end of the film. Humour is not just limited to dialogues and activities but expressions and demeanour. The take on humour is very natural and has the touch of everyday life which makes the scenes more relevant.