Bruce Lee

Karthik and Kavya are the children of Rama Chandra Rao (Rao Ramesh). Rama Chandra Rao wants to make Karthik into a collector. The only problem is that Kavya wants to become a collector as well, but Rama Chandra Rao cannot afford to pay for both of their studies. Because of this, Karthik deliberately fails in his exams so that his sister can join Delhi Public School in order to become a collector. The only one aware of his sacrifice is his uncle (Tanikella Bharani).
Years later, Karthik a.k.a. Bruce Lee (Ram Charan) is a stuntman working under stuntmaster Dangerous David (Jaya Prakash Reddy) and Kavya (Kriti Kharbanda) is still the smart girl she was. Once, Bruce Lee goes in the middle of a shooting to a hotel to save his friend's sister who was being kidnapped. Riya (Rakul Preet Singh), a game designer, who came there to meet a police officer (Satyam Rajesh) for marriage, sees Bruce Lee in his police costume and mistakes him for a brave officer. She becomes a fan of him and rejects the other police officer because he is corrupted. Some days later, Bruce Lee finds out that Riya uploaded the video of him fighting in a police costume on Facebook. When he goes to meet her, he falls in love with and finds out that she is designing a video game called SuperCop based on him. From then Riya spends time with him continuously, while Karthik is still afraid of revealing his identity as he fears she might go away from him. Meanwhile, a terrorist attack occurs in a hotel. Karthik's elder brother, Ravi (Ravi Prakash) and commissioner Marthand (Sayaji Shinde) confirm that it was a terrorist attack. Later, Ravi finds evidence to prove that it was not a terrorist attack but an attempt to kill 2 rival businessmen by Deepak Raj (Arun Vijay). He goes to Marthand, but Marthand is actually corrupt and turns Ravi into Deepak Raj who knocks him unconscious. Meanwhile, Riya keeps getting Bruce Lee into fights thinking that he is an undercover cop. In the meantime, Kavya writes her final exams needed to become a collector and while she is returning, Deepak drugs her forcefully and arrests her to trick Ram Gopal (Nagendra Babu), someone trying to get him in jail, to think that it was his daughter. Bruce Lee knows of this and beats up Deepak, sending him into a coma, and returns in time for Kavya's engagement with Rahul (Amitash Pradhaan), the son of Jayaraj (Sampath Raj) and Vasundhra (Nadhiya) who are bosses of Rama Chandra Rao. It's shown to us that Deepak is the first son of Jayaraj with an unofficial wife, Malini (Tisca Chopra). A couple of days later, Riya takes Karthik, who she thinks is still a police officer, to meet her family. Her father is IB Chief Bharadwaj (Mukesh Rishi) who knows Bruce Lee's real profession and his background and they both start a mission to capture Jayaraj and Deepak. Following the plan, he joins Jayaraj's company as his assistant and uses Suzuki Subramanyam (Brahmanandam), an undercover cop, to reveal Jayaraj's secrets to Vasundhara, causing her to leave him. Meanwhile, Deepak captures Bruce Lee and shoots him. Later, Jayaraj, with his men, try to kill Vasundhara, Rahul and Kavya. Bruce Lee comes back as he was aware of all of Deepak's plans. This is because they had replaced G. Ramji (Jaya Prakash Reddy), a corrupt inspector under Deepak's payroll and David's lookalike with David himself. Karthik was actually wearing a bulletproof vest under his shirt and there were blood bombs in the vest. Deepak's shots caused the bombs to burst. In the ensuring fight, Bruce Lee kills Deepak and takes his body to Jayaraj, revealing to Jayaraj who he actually is. In revenge, Jayaraj kidnaps Riya and stabs Rama Chandra Rao in front of his eyes after he tells him all about Bruce Lee's sacrifices for his family. Bruce Lee admits his father in the hospital and calls Megastar Chiranjeevi (Chiranjeevi) who is in shooting for his 150th movie to help Riya. Chiranjeevi goes and beats up the goons and saves Riya. In the meantime Suzuki arrests Jayaraj finishing his last mission before he retires and his first ever success that he got after being admitted into the police force. At the last scene of the film, During a celebration, Riya asks Karthik to fill up a form and become an actual police officer, to which everyone starts laughing.