The Swordsman

The film is set in the Ming dynasty, during the Wanli Emperor. Gu Jinfu, a eunuch from the spy agency Eastern Depot, leads a team to retrieve the Chrysanthemum Manual, a martial arts manual which was stolen from the imperial palace. They track down and attack Lin Zhennan. Lin Zhennan encounters Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan, two students from the Mount Hua Sect, and asks them to inform his son, Lin Pingzhi, where the manual is hidden.
While making their way to rendezvous with their Mount Hua Sect fellows, Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan chance upon Liu Zhengfeng, who is planning to retire from the jianghu (martial artists' community) with his friend Qu Yang. Just then, Zuo Lengshan, who works for Eastern Depot, shows up with his men and tries to arrest Linghu Chong and Qu Yang. Linghu Chong and the others manage to escape, but Liu and Qu are seriously wounded in the process. Before committing suicide, Liu and Qu perform Xiaoao Jianghu, a musical piece they composed together, and pass their instruments and the score to Linghu Chong.
Linghu Chong encounters the reclusive swordsman Feng Qingyang and learns the skill 'Nine Swords of Dugu' from him. He also finds out that his gentlemanly teacher, Yue Buqun, who leads the Mount Hua Sect, is actually a power-hungry hypocrite. In the meantime, Gu Jinfu's henchman, Ouyang Quan, impersonates Lin Pingzhi (who is dead) and infiltrates the Mount Hua Sect. He tricks Linghu Chong into revealing the whereabouts of the Sunflower Manual and then poisons him. Linghu Chong is saved by Ren Yingying and Lan Fenghuang from the Sun Moon Holy Cult. They combine forces to defeat and kill Zuo Lengshan and his men.
Around the same time, Yue Buqun, Ouyang Quan, Gu Jinfu and the others have arrived at the location where the Sunflower Manual is hidden and are fighting over the manual. Linghu Chong shows up, kills Gu Jinfu, exposes Yue Buqun's treachery and defeats him. He decides to spend the rest of his life roaming the jianghu with his friends.