Dunkirk

In 1940, during the Battle of France, hundreds of thousands of Allied soldiers have retreated to Dunkirk. Tommy, a young British private, is the sole survivor of a German ambush. At the beach, he finds thousands of troops awaiting evacuation and meets Gibson, who is burying a body. After a German dive-bomber attack, they find a wounded man. They rush his stretcher onto a hospital ship, hoping to remain aboard, but are ordered off. The ship is sunk by dive bombers; Tommy helps another soldier by the name of Alex out of the water. They leave at night on a destroyer, but it is sunk by a U-boat. Gibson opens a hatch, freeing Tommy and Alex from the hold, and they get back to the beach.
With only a single, vulnerable mole available for embarking on deep-draft ships, the Royal Navy requisitions civilian vessels that can get to the beach. In Weymouth, a civilian sailor named Dawson and his son Peter set out on his boat Moonstone rather than let the Navy commandeer her. Impulsively, Peter’s teenage friend George joins them. At sea, they rescue a shell-shocked soldier from a wrecked ship. When he realises that Dawson is sailing for Dunkirk, the soldier demands that they turn back and tries to wrest control of the boat; in the struggle, George falls and suffers a head injury that renders him blind. Elsewhere, three Spitfires cross the English Channel, heading towards Dunkirk. After their leader is shot down in a dogfight, one of the pilots, Farrier, assumes command, though his fuel gauge is shattered. They save a minesweeper from a German Heinkel He 111 bomber, but the other surviving Spitfire is hit and ditches. The pilot, Collins, cannot open his canopy to escape his sinking aeroplane, but is rescued by Moonstone.
Tommy, Alex and Gibson join a group of Scottish soldiers and hide inside a trawler that lies beached outside the Allied perimeter, waiting for the rising tide to refloat it. German troops shoot at the boat, and water enters through the bullet holes. Alex, hoping to lighten the boat, accuses Gibson, who has been silent throughout, of being a German spy and demands that he leave. Gibson reveals he is French; he stole the identity of the soldier he buried, hoping to be evacuated with the British. Everyone abandons the fishing boat when it begins to sink. Gibson is unable to get out and drowns. Alex and Tommy swim towards a nearby destroyer, but it is sunk by a bomber. Moonstone manoeuvres to take on those in the water, including Alex and Tommy. Peter discovers that George is dead; when asked by the shell-shocked soldier, he lies that George will be fine. Farrier shoots down the bomber before his fuel runs out. Gliding over the beach, he lands beyond the Allied perimeter. He sets fire to his aeroplane and is taken prisoner. At the beach, Royal Navy Commander Bolton watches the last British soldiers leave. He notes that nearly 300,000 have been evacuated, ten times more than British Prime Minister Winston Churchill had hoped for. He remains to oversee the evacuation of the French.
Arriving back in Weymouth, Dawson is congratulated for having saved so many men. The shell-shocked soldier sees George's body being carried away. Peter goes to the local newspaper; a front-page article later commends George as a hero. Alex and Tommy board a train in Weymouth. Alex expects public hostility as the train approaches Woking, but they receive a hero's welcome instead. Tommy reads out Churchill's address to the nation from a newspaper.