Ananda Tandavam

The film deals with the life of Ragupathi (Siddharth Venugopal), whose mother died in childbirth. He grows up with plenty of affection from his father (Kitty) and grows into a quiet, sensible and a bit of a serious person. His father is the Deputy-Chief Dam (maintenance) Engineer in the Ambasamudiram dam, Tirunelveli, while Ragu is a mechanical engineer. He is frustrated because he is unemployed. One day, after returning after an Interview in Pune, when he meets Madhumitha (Tamannaah); a native character, she plays childish pranks and brings energy into his life. Madhumitha is the elder daughter of the Dam's new Chief Engineer and his arrogant wife, who want a very comfortable life for the family.
Her parents also bring joy in Ragu's life as they accept who Ragu is, and eventually, Raghu finds employment in Pune. He suddenly gets engaged to Madhu, even without pre-informing his dad. Ragu leaves for Pune. When he returns a month later, trouble had come in the form of Radha Krishnan (Rishi). He is a spoilt NRI US businessman, and worst of all, Madhu, being immature herself, agrees with her parents opinion and decides to marry Radha. The reason given by madhu's family is that ragu's father has an illicit relationship with their maid, jayanthi, who is 1 year older than ragu. Circumstances make ragu believe so. Raghu, heartbroken, attempts to commit suicide, by jumping down a waterfall. He survives it with major temporary injuries. his father berates him and says that Jayanthi's mom breast-fed ragu and she is like his own daughter. Also madu had visited him for namesake and had already left to USA with Radha. 6 months later, with further encouragement from his father and friends, leaves for US to study MBA in NewYork University. He has to stay at the mansion of his dad's friend, Mohan. Mohan is a divorcee and rich share-trader.
He meets mohan's niece Ratnakumari (Rukmini Vijayakumar) at the airport and she drops him home. Ratna, though being brought up in USA since age of 7, wants to marry an Indian and return to India. She is extremely intelligent, beautiful, social and cultured. Ragu starts his MBA course and befriends another Tamil guy named Natraj. But, at the end of day one, ragu's benchmate, a korean kills his ex-girl friend and himself before ragu's eyes. Then, a black-mob tries to mug him, where ratna saves him. Ragu then asks mohan to put him back on the next flight home. Mohan says that he cut his own leg to escape from the twin towers on 9/11. His company fired him with a compensation, and that was taken away by his wife as compensation for Divorce. But still, he did online-share trading and has earned around 30 million in 10 years. He shows his hidden prosthetic leg, and then drinks too much. This motivates ragu to stay in new york.
One day, ragu sees madu in a tamil association function. Then, madu surprises her and gifts him an Iphone 4. Also, the both go on a trio-trip to Atlantic city, after madhu's husband cancels on the last minute. But, ragu is shocked to find that Radha has been cheating on Madhu the whole time. He resolves to tell her the truth, but Madhu is blinded against Radha's faults because of respect for him. She accuses him of still having feelings for her, insulting him, causing another argument between them. As time progresses, Madhu discovers that her husband has been cheating on her, which had let her to be on constantabuse by him, leading her to live life with misery. But, Ragu and ratna become close and their families decide to get them engaged.
One day, she escapes from Radha and goes to meet Raghu. Unfortunately for her, Raghu gets engaged to Ratna the very same day, and unable to bear any more sadness, ends up cutting her veins and begging Raghu to take her back. Ratna intervenes and Madhu asks for Raghu, Ratna is disgusted and complains to her family. They come and take Raghu away, leaving Madhu devastated, drunk, and bleeding through her veins. Madhu then kills herself through careless driving.
At the airport, everyone is gathered, and Madhu's parents are collecting the coffin with Madhu's body. Radha tries to lie to Madhu's parents that he was perfect to her in every way and cannot understand why this happened. In the meantime, Ragu arrives, who had also come to see Madhu's body, gets enraged and charges at him with a revolver, but finds out that it is locked. He is later soothed by Ratna as she says " I love your relationship commitment more than you!"