Thaamirabharani

The story is set in the backdrop of Thoothukudi. Saravana Perumal (Prabhu) is a rich businessman and Subbiah (Vijayakumar) and his daughter Sakunthaladevi (Nadiya) are his business rivals. Bharaniputhiran (Vishal) is the nephew of Saravana Perumal. Bhanumathi (Bhanu) is a college student who falls for Bharani and keeps following him. Bharani comes to know that Bhanu is the only daughter of Sakunthaladevi and suspects her behaviour and hence does not reciprocate love.
One day Bhanu goes to meet Bharani in an island and everyone gets arrested by the coastal guards mistaking for prostitution and later gets released by the local police as Bharani is highly influential. But a press reporter writes about this event as he has a vengeance against Sakunthaladevi. This angers Subbiah and he misunderstands that Saravana Perumal was the master brain behind trapping Bhanu in prostitution case. Subbiah and his son Velladurai (Nasser) plan to kill Saravanan but Saravanan escapes. Bharani gets angry knowing this and goes to kill Velladurai but he accidentally chops off Selvam’s (Akash) hand. Selvam is the younger brother of Velladurai and is kind hearted. Bharani feels bad about his action.
Now Saravanan tells the truth to Bharani that Sakunthaladevi is none other than his wife and Bhanu is his only daughter. A flashback is shown where Sakunthaladevi does not like Saravanan’s widowed sister and her son Bharani staying along with him and wants him to lead a nuclear family. This brings up fight between Saravanan and Sakunthaladevi and she leaves to her father’s place. Bharani understands that Bhanu intentionally tried marrying him so that there is a chance for the family getting united again. Bharani meets Bhanu and apologizes to her and both gets closer. Bharani plans to get Sakunthaladevi and Saravanan united.
Meanwhile, Karmegam (Sampath) works for Velladurai and expresses his interest to marry Sakunthaladevi with the plan of owning all her wealth. Velladurai agrees to this without informing to Sakunthaladevi and plans for a wedding. Bharani gets to know about this and he rushes to stop the wedding. Sakunthaladevi gets shocked knowing her brother’s intention to get her married to Karmegam and scolds him. Quarrel erupts and Karmegam gets killed by Bharani following which Bharani is sent to jail. Sakunthaladevi realizes her mistake and unites with Saravanan.
Bharani gets released from jail after 4 years and returns home. He sees the wedding arrangements made between him and Bhanu. Bharani refuses to marry Bhanu and says that Subbiah and Velladurai are still angry at him for chopping off Selvam’s hand and Bharani insists Bhanu to get married to Selvam. Finally Sakunthaladevi reveals the truth that it was only she who killed Karmegam and Bharani took the blame and was jailed so that Sakunthaladevi is saved. Subbiah and Velladurai overhear the conversation and understand Bharani’s good nature. Finally Bharani and Bhanu get married.