Polytechnic

Pauly(Kunchako Boban) belongs to a well off family in a rural village of Kerala. A politician by profession, he does many helpful activities for the benefit of poor people in the village.
Sukumaran Nair, a member of the opposition party, tries to disrupt whatever Pauly does. They have been enemies from a very long time. Things become worse when Pauly falls in love with Sukumaran Nair's daughter Aswathy(Bhavana).
It is at this circumstance, Pauly's father, an army person is killed in a terrorist attack. Pauly is forced to look after his family. Following the advice of a senior comrade Ganghadaran in the party, Pauly buys a biscuit company in his village with the help of three close friends using compensation money from the government, for the loss of his father. His plan is to convert it into a factory to store processed and dried agricultural products.
The inauguration of the factory is disrupted by the Panchayath secretary, stating that the factory does not have the required approvals. Pauly tries to get the required approvals, but nothing works out. Bekkar plays friend, tries to get him the approval by paying a man who promised to get them the required approvals. Turns out that the certificates given to them are fake and Pauly gets arrested. When released from jail Pauly rejects an offer to buy the land from him. He bribes all the officers and gets all the required approvals.
Pauly and his friends catch a group of goons trying to burn the factory. They capture one of the attackers. They recognize him as the same person who got them in jail by giving them fake certificates. He confesses that the conspirator is Ganghadharan. The panchayath secretary gives the signature so that Pauly does not cause any trouble.
During the inauguration of the factory Pauly plays a video clip of the bribes given to all the officers in front of the minister. The movie ends with the minister congratulating Pauly and his friends.
Director M Padmakumar used right mixture of comedy and romance throughout the movie.
Polytechnic is Produced by Kala Nair under the banner of Mrinalini Gandhi cinemas.