Chirodini Tumi Je Amar 2

A girl (Urmila Mahanta) is being admitted to hospital after she has been attacked and her face burnt with acid. Police inspector (Kharaj Mukherjee) is being mobbed by the media inquiring about the girl, while doctors are continuously trying to bring her back to consciousness. The inspector asks the girls mother Soma Chakraborty whether she knows the perpetrator. The mother says that there is a certain man, who is always stalking her daughter.
Arjun Chakrabarty is dragged to the police station, pleading and crying that he has not done anything. Kharaj asks him his details and Arjun tells him he was forced to come to Kolkata and work in a factory to support his parents. Kharaj finds a photo of the girl in his wallet and asks about it. Arjun Chakrabarty tells him that he now works at a local street food stall, and one day Soma Chakraborty scolds him for looking at her daughter. Everyday the girl, along with her mother pass by in front of the food stall and he loves her from afar. Arjun Chakrabarty is revealed as an innocent, due to his pure heart; he is not hardened by the city's cruel, seflish politics and people.
Ena Saha comes to the police station to lodge a complaint against Raj (Bihu Mukherjee), a boy whom she suspects could have thrown acid at Urmila Mahanta by mistake. Ena starts by explaining her family have taken in Urmila Mahanta to look after her as both her parents are working. Raj is the spoilt son of rich and well connected parents. He starts a friendship with Ena Saha, and while at first she is impressed with him, she drops him after finding he has secretly videoed her on his mobile phone. He attacks her, throwing her off her bicycle. Since then, Ena Saha always goes to and from school with her mother. One day, after returning from school, she finds there is no water in the bathroom, and that the tap has been turned off. During this time, Raj thinks Ena Saha is alone at home. He rings the front door bell and throws acid at the person who answers- only to find it is Urmila Mahanta.
After hearing her story, Kharaj Mukherjee gives instructions to call Raj and his mother to the police station, but she avoids the call. They come in the next day, and once separated from his mother, Raj soon gives away under pressure and admits his guilt. Meanwhile his mother calls the minister and asks him to help release her son. The minister calls Kharaj Mukherjee and makes a deal with him. Arjun Chakrabarty is beaten and made to confess guilt, so Raj can be released. Arjun Chakrabarty refuses to confess until Kharaj Mukherjee , suggests the money that would have been spent on bailing Raj can be used for Urmila Mahanta's treatment. Arjun Chakrabarty loves her, so he confesses. He is sentenced to 10 years imprisonment and INR 5000 as punishment. Riddhi Sen comes to see his friend and refuses to believe that he is guilty, so Arjun Chakrabarty tells him the real story. Riddhi Sen in turn tells Urmila Mahanta the truth and of the unconditional love Arjun Chakrabarty has for her. Urmila Mahanta goes to meet Arjun Chakrabarty at court on the day of his hearing, and sees him taken away to the jail. Enraged by the injustice she hands Kharaj Mukherjee a letter accusing him of sending a poor innocent to jail while allowing the rich to go free. As Kharaj Mukherjee looks up at her, she throws acid at his face to avenge Arjun Chakrabarty. She is sent to jail for 10 years, but Arjun Chakrabarty is freed and Raj is arrested for the crime.
The movie ends with Arjun Chakrabarty coming to visit his love Urmila Mahanta along with her mother and Riddhi Sen. As Arjun Chakrabarty calls out for her, her eyes become moist reaching out to him and her veil is blown away revealing the burnt side of her face while he promises her "I will wait for you forever".