Ram Gopal Varma

Deshu (Randeep Hooda), a mechanic working in Dubai, returns to India after his mother's death in order to console his grieving sister and retired police constable father. Some time later, Deshu unwittingly becomes the witness to a murder, when the henchmen of a gang lead by Mangli, chase and kill a man in front of him. Even though he is aggressively pursued by the police to be a state witness, Deshu chooses not to testify after the gang intimidates and threatens him. Seeking revenge for the harassment, he decides to he join a rival gang, lead by Hashim, and ultimately kills Mangli. Due to his bravery and intelligence, Deshu quickly rises up the ranks, becoming the gang's unofficial second-in-command, much to the dismay of Hashim's two sons, Mukarram and Shabbir.
After protecting her secretary from sexual harassment by a male college, Deshu begins a relationship with beautiful Bollywood actress, Bhakti Bhatnagar, an association which opens him up to connections that go above and beyond the level of the gang. Resentful of his meteoric rise to power and his glamorous relationship, Mukarram and Shabbir begin to plot his demise. They plant the seeds of doubt in Hashim's mind and try to turn their father against his once most trusted member. At the same time, the Mumbai Police have begun to monitor Deshu and assign an Encounter Specialist to the case, in the hopes of bringing him down.
Hashim finally relents and allows his sons to carry out an unwarranted attack on Deshu and his friend and partner, Raghav. Raghav and others are killed while Deshu survives; hellbent on revenge. He takes on the gang single-handedly, and eliminates those involved in this attempted assassination one by one, until he finally kills Mukarram and Shabbir . He intentionally spares the life of Hashim, since he is aware that Hashim has nothing left and will never be able to rebuild his gang again - effectively condemning him to a life of prolonged misery. Deshu, having successfully established himself as a crime lord and managing to evade the police on many occasions, crowns himself the Underworld King, and dreams of forming the "D" company - an organized criminal syndicate which he plans to run as a well-tuned machine from outside India's borders.