Yodha

In an unknown location on the Himalayan Nepal, a mystical boy is about to be crowned the Rimpoche of a Buddhist monastery, when a gang of sorcerers led by Vishaka, abduct the child. Vishaka is in service to a mysterious enchantress, who needs to make a human sacrifice of the Rimpoche to attain invincibility, to be performed before the solar eclipse. The monks expect the advent of a saviour, the man with ears as weapon, across the Himalayas to rescue the child as they are prophesied. In meantime, Rimpoche manages to escape through the course and reaches Kathmandu.
At the other end of the subcontinent, in a village in Kerala, Ashokan (Mohanlal), a youngster spent his time competing his cousin Appukuttan (Jagathy Sreekumar) in a series of games conducted by a sports club. Appukuttan finds himself on the losing side each time, but strongly optimistic of his win, competes again. Appukuttan feels fooled and heartbroken when he suspects an affair brewing between Ashokan and his fiancée Damayanthi. Ashokan is sent to his uncle Krishnankutty Menon in Nepal by his mother Sumanthi after a palm reader predicts that he will commit murder if stays in Kerala. Unbeknownst to Ashokan, Appukuttan flees to Nepal beforehand and masquerades as Ashokan before their uncle. Ashokan in turn is cast out onto the streets, where he meets the boy and forms a bond with him.
Uncle's daughter, Ashwathi, is a researcher into Nepalese traditions and history. As a payback to Ashokan, Appukuttan attempts to plot his way into marrying her, who in turn is Ashokan's bride-to-be by their custom, but not engaged. Ashokan, with Unnikuttan's (as he calls the boy) assistance, manages to cast doubt into the mind of uncle about the credibility of Appukuttan's claims and wins over Ashwathi's love and trust.
Ashokan and Ashwathi witness one of sorcerers' confederate combatant kidnapping the boy. Upon following him into a forest, they end up confronting the unnamed man. In an ensuing fight, the man grievously wounds Ashwathi and blinds Ashokan using a substance, and leaves the two to die. Ashokan is rescued by a tribe affiliated with the monks that train warriors tasked with protecting the monastery. Ashokan is discovered as the "chosen one" and is given training in Kung fu by a master, to overcome his blindness and enhance his hearing skills. At the same time, Appukuttan was also captured by another evil tribe while following the two.
Ashokan now enlisted as a warrior, infiltrates the sorcerer's location and rescues Unnikuttan from a bewitched sheathe. The boy then, aided by an ailing old monk, restores Ashokan's eyesight. As the solar eclipse nears, the monks begin the coronation ceremony of the boy. Vishaka rushes to the monastery to terminate it. But Ashokan stands in his way and, in a climactic fight, kills the man. The boy is coronated as the Rimpoche. Ashokan discovers that Ashwathi was indeed saved by the tribe, and is alive and healthy. Appukuttan returns as Ashokan-esque trained warrior, but before he could stand a chance, he is beaten by Ashokan.