Kushi

The story begins when Jenny (Jyothika) and Shiva (Vijay) are born in different states of India they meet as babies, when their parents left they were pulled apart. They are in their childhood and both want to represent their home town in a camp they are next to each other but don't speak or see each other. Ten years later, Jenny wants to pursue higher studies but her father wants her to get married. At first she gets angry at him but decides to marry according to her father's wishes. On the night of the wedding her groom elopes with his lover. Seeing Jenny depressed and disappointed, her father lets her study further. Shiva lives in a big city and is accepted to a college in Canada.
On the way to the airport, he gets in an accident and has to give up his dream of studying abroad. Shiva and Jenny enroll in the same college in different classes, they meet each other at a temple. They introduce themselves to each other and both say "I feel like I've seen you before". Then they meet again when Shiva's friend Babu is in love with a girl named Shanthi to give her a love letter Shiva goes to her house guarded. Shiva get out of his car and runs to Jenny when she walks out of Shanthi's house and explains to Jenny about the situation. So Shiva and Jenny work together to get Babu and Shanthi together. One day Shiva and Jenny have a very heated argument and this eventually hurts both of them especially Jenny. They try avoiding each other but can't because their friends need them to meet their lovers.
When they decide to forget about what happened and they try to get Babu into Shanthi's house but are caught and Shanthi's father ambush Jenny and Shiva while fighting Shiva close to being cut Jenny steps in to save him but her hands are bleeding and is taken to the hospital. Jenny gets better and find out that Shanthi is getting married and Shiva has a plan. As Babu and Shanti drive off to have their new life Jenny and Shiva say their goodbyes but not feelings. Jenny and Shiva miss each other and send a letter of love to each other through their co-passengers on the train which they are respectively going to board.Jenny reaches her village to find her marriage arrangements taking place but is pleasantly surprised to find that the groom is Shiva.The film ends with Shiva and Jenny happily hugging each other in the presence of their families.