Neethaane En Ponvasantham

The film begins with Varun (Jiiva) gaining admission into an engineering college, with his best friend Prakash (Santhanam). He and his friends one day participate in a cultural programme, where Varun finds his childhood sweetheart Nithya (Samantha) participating in a dance show. He begins wooing her by singing on stage and later meets up with her and begins to reminisce their childhood. The film rewinds to their early days when both were aged eight, and shows the pair becoming friends after Varun had helped Nithya retrieve a book which had fallen while she had been playing. However, after a minor misunderstanding featuring Varun's brother, she decides not to meet Varun and makes a vow to never talk with him. However, the pair then meet again in their tenth standard, aged 15. Nithya initially hesitates to talk with Varun, but sheds her inhibitions once Varun breaks the ice between them, and resumes her friendship with him. Nithya is elected as a pupil leader in school and is in constant interaction with Deepak, another pupil leader and her classmate, much to the dismay of Varun. As a result, they have another fallout.
The film moves to their current meeting in the college. Both forget their past misgivings and become friends again. This time, they fall in love. During the vacations, Nithya leaves India and Varun is left for himself. Varun's elder brother Harish (Ravi Prakash) who works in a software company, wants to marry his colleague and confesses the same to his parents. His parents oblige by offering to meet with the girl's parents. However, his parents are humiliated. Varun, in the process of consoling them, realises that despite their embarrassment, his brother and parents care about him rather than themselves. He then decides to take his studies more seriously and begins preparing for CAT. Nithya comes back to India and sees Varun not spending enough time with her due to his busy schedule. Nithya too initially understands his situation. However, when she learns that Varun is going to IIM Kozhikode, she proposes to go with him. Varun rejects her demand, saying that he is going to stay in a hostel, as staying in a rented house will be too expensive for his family and that he won't be able to concentrate in his studies if she stays with him. This leads to a heated argument between the two and eventually ends in another break-up.
After graduating from IIM and landing a job, Varun goes about finding Nithya. Accompanied by Prakash and Jenny (Vidyullekha), he goes to Manapad, where Nithya is working as a school teacher at a tsunami relief camp. Nithya refuses to talk to him even after many attempts by Varun to start a conversation. When he finally gets her to talk, she rejects his advances, saying that she is happy with her current position. Varun, disgusted at her rejection, leaves the place. After a few months, Nithya invites Varun to her sister's marriage. At the same time, Varun also mentions that he is about to get married and it is then that Nithya realises the magnitude of the deepening rift between them. Shocked and surprised at this sudden development, Nithya realises that she couldn't fully understand Varun and breaks down before her sister. However, to the surprise of Varun, she attends his reception, which makes him think twice about his marriage. With his father's help, he realises that he cannot devote his love and heart to anyone other than Nithya. So he breaks his engagement with the consent of his father and goes to Nithya's home to win back her confidence. Nithya too apologizes to Varun about her past behavior and they both share a kiss. The film ends with a note being shown that they are happily married, ever quarreling with each other and loving each other.