Chennakeshava Reddy

Bharat (Balakrishna) is a sincere and dedicated police officer in Mumbai. In a short span of time, he is regarded as a fearless officer who could single-handedly bring the guilty to justice. Preethi (Shreya) is a medico and daughter of Police Commissioner Prasad (Vizag Prasad). She falls head over heels for Bharat, but this does not make any difference to the storyline of the present stream of faction backdrop movies.
Meanwhile, another super cop, Sivakrishna, working in Rayalaseema region of Andhra Pradesh, becomes a person in the news as a daring and dashing police officer who never bows his head to politicians. Inevitable Sivakrishna becomes an itch to local faction leader, Dhanunjaya Reddy (Anantraj), who runs a parallel government in that region. When Sivakrishna falls victim to the political clout of Dhanunjaya Reddy he is demoted and transferred to Tihar Jail as a lower rank officer. In between is shown a statue of Chenna Kesava Reddy, who is considered as a man of high respect in the region and is missing for the past 22 years.
Sivakrishna finds Chenna Kesava Reddy in Tihar Jail being imprisoned in some false case. Sivakrishna makes every effort to get Chennakesava Reddy released. When Chennakesava Reddy returns to his village after 22 years, he is pompously welcomed by one and all. Chenna Kesava Reddy halts the factionist activities of Dhanunjaya Reddy and his henchmen.
After knowing the return of Chenna Kesava Reddy, his wife and son come to see him. Now the movie turns into the flashback, in which Chennakesava Reddy is shown as a generous and the most revered man in the village but has the rivalry with Venkata Reddy (Jayaprakash Reddy). In one of the worst spar between the rivals, Chennakesava Reddy’s rivals hack his entire family members to death. When their bid to kill Chennakesava Reddy falls short, they wangle some false case against him and send him to Tihar Jail. However, Chennakesava Reddy's wife Sita (Tabu), younger son Bharat (Balakrishna) escape the attack by Venkata Reddy and his men with the help of his followers and reach Mumbai.
Chenna Kesava Reddy starts taking revenge on his rivals one after the other and there happens to be none to dare Chenna Kesava Reddy in the Seema. In order to counter him, Dhanunjaya Reddy gets Bharath posted in Seema. The movie continues with the son the chasing father to arrest – father moving ahead in his mission revenge.