Monty Python and the Holy Grail

In 932 AD, King Arthur and his squire, Patsy, travel throughout Britain searching for men to join the Knights of the Round Table. In Arthur's travels, he recruits Sir Bedevere the Wise, Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Galahad the Pure, and Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-as-Sir-Lancelot, along with their squires and Robin's troubadours. Arthur leads the men to Camelot, but decides it is "a silly place" and sets off elsewhere. As they turn away, God speaks to them and gives Arthur the task to find the Holy Grail.
Arthur and his men search the land for clues to the Grail. They come to a castle occupied by French soldiers who claim to have the Grail but otherwise insult the Englishmen. Arthur and his men come up with a plan to sneak in using a Trojan Rabbit, but they completely mishandle its execution and are forced away. Arthur decides that the knights should go their separate ways to search for clues to the Grail's location. A modern-day historian being filmed for a documentary and describing the Arthurian legends is abruptly killed by a knight on horseback, triggering a police investigation.
On the knights travels, Arthur and Bedevere attempt to satisfy the strange requests of the dreaded Knights Who Say Ni. Sir Robin avoids a fight with the Three-headed Giant by running away while the heads are arguing. Sir Galahad is led by a grail-shaped beacon to Castle Anthrax, populated by women, but to Galahad's chagrin, he is "rescued" by Lancelot. Sir Lancelot, after finding a note from Swamp Castle believed to be from a lady being forced to marry against her will, rushes the castle and kills nearly the entire wedding party within, only to discover that the note was sent by an effeminate prince.
Arthur and his knights regroup and are joined by other brother Maynard and monk followers. They meet Tim the Enchanter, who directs them to a cave where the location of the Grail is said to be written, but guarded by the deadly Rabbit of Caerbannog. After the Rabbit kills several of the knights, Arthur uses the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch provided by Maynard to destroy the creature. Inside, they find the inscription from Joseph of Arimathea, directing them to the Castle of Aarrgh. After evading a giant monster, they arrive at the Bridge of Death and must answer three questions from the bridge-keeper to pass. Lancelot answers first and correctly, and passes on. Sirs Robin and Galahad fail to answer correctly and are thrown over the bridge, while Arthur tricks the bridge-keeper, allowing him and Bedevere to pass.
When Arthur and Bedevere finish crossing, they cannot find Lancelot, unaware he was arrested by modern-day policemen investigating the historian's death. Arthur and Bedevere find the Castle of Aarrgh, but discover it is occupied by the French. They amass a large army of knights to assault the castle, when suddenly a large police force shows up, arrests Arthur and Bedevere for the historian's death, and shuts down the film's production.