Ithihasa

The story, set in Kochi is about the body swapping of a petty thief (Alvy) and a conservative software professional (Janaki). The film starts with Vikki (balu varghese) getting caught in front of K. Sebastian(sunil sukahada) leading to Alvy (shine Chacko) which they get out easily. The movie shifts to 2 other robbers getting caught in front of K. Sebastian but leaves their robbed item. Alvy & vikki finds it and sees 2 Diamond rings. Thinking of selling it turns out to be a priceless artifact which will value up to Rs.250. Alvy throws one ring which comes in the hand of a small boy. In another party of the Kochi, Janaki (Anusree) conservative software professional goes to a shopping centre and wins a game & gets a price & in that price is that ring which that boy got by losing I the mall. That night both of them try on the ring & next day they finds out that they have switched bodies i.e. Janaki became Alvy with Janaki's mind and Alvy became Janaki with Alvy's mind. Janaki's friends try to find a cure for this but everything turns out to be medical. Alvy and vikki enjoys their day & Janaki & her friends enjoys their day when both of them comes face to face. The next day Janaki's mother & grandmother arrive at her home to see her & they bring Alvy to impersonate as Janaki. Gradually they fall in love with each other. One day they get a call saying that they can get help from a librarian(Joy Matthew). They reveal their situation and he asks them to think about anything that happened to them in last 15 days. They reveal that they got a ring as a gift. Janaki(in Alvy's body) show the picture of the ring. The historian reveals that the ring swaps the bodies and they have to change within 15 days i.e. they have to change today before the sunset or they will be like this forever. Both of them finds the rind but before putting it on Janaki (in Alvy's body) gets kidnapped by some Hindi speaking guys. Alvy (in Janaki's body) comes to beat them up but the bad guys overpowers her. Vikki pickpockets the ring from the leader and gives it to both of them. They put on the ring and switch back their bodies i.e. Janaki in Janaki's body and Alvy in Alvy's body and fights them while vikki calls the police and arrests them. In the post credits scene the 2 robbers who stole the ring from the museum steals it again but tries it on just swap bodies with each other.