Vanthaan Vendraan

The film opens to a school in a village where a boy recites a national anthem before all the staff and students of the school. Another boy is seen running to school as he is late. His teacher punishes him, while comparing him to the boy who recited earlier, who is revealed to be his younger half-brother. An enmity grows in the older brother as he is always compared to his younger brother. The younger brother burns the photo of the older brother's father as he was the reason for his defeat in the school's kabbadi match. In retaliation, the older brother throws the younger brother into a well. Watching him get drowned in the well, the older brother runs away from the village.
The film then opens to Mumbai, just a few years after the incident. The older brother grows up to become Ramana (Nandha), who is an underworld don doing smuggling business with the help of the local police and political support. He tries to kill Govardhan, who is a rival to Ramana, but he fails. Arjun (Jiiva) tries to see him for many days, but is not able to. Finally, with the help of Delhi (Santhanam), who is Ramana's cook manages to see him and tells him about his life story. Arjun is a boxer and he accidentally meets Anjana (Taapsee Pannu), while going to a boxing selection match. He could not attend the match because he spoils the miniature Anjana was carrying for her interview the same day.
He helps her out and in turn, Anjana travels to Kerala to meet the person in charge of the boxing selection match so that Arjun can get a second chance. However, it turns that Arjun has come with her to Kerala to express his love for her, which she does not reciprocate. Finally, she agrees on the condition, if her father (Raviprakash) agrees. When Arjun meets Anjana's father, he rejected Arjun's marriage proposal to his daughter, before being accidentally shot and killed by Ramana, when he tries to kill Govardhan. Anjana proposes a deal to Arjun that if he makes Ramana surrender to the police, she will marry him, which he accepts. So, Arjun has come to Ramana to make him surrender, but Ramana and his gang thrash Arjun and throw him out.
Anjana pesters Arjun, as he is taking a long time to make Ramana surrender. In order to speed things up, Arjun demolishes Ramana's smuggling business and leaks about him to the press. Ramana's business is sealed by the police and they plan an encounter for Ramana. Since all this happened because of Arjun, a fight ensues between both of them where Arjun is stabbed fatally by Ramana at the end. Delhi comes in and reveals to Ramana that Arjun is the younger brother of his, whom he threw in the well in their childhood. It is also revealed that what he told him about Anjana and her revenge for her father's death was all a fake and imaginative story, so that Ramana will have compassion for their love, as Ramana's love was a failure. Arjun has thought Ramana would succumb to Arjun's plea and surrender to the police so that he would escape from the police's encounter and he can return to their family.
Ramana realizes himself and surrenders to the police, but not before admitting Arjun in a hospital, saving his life. Arjun goes back to his home and renuites with his family. Ramana writes to his family in a letter, while he is in jail, promising them he will come back and will be more responsible from now. His parents were touched by this. Ramana is set to be married to a girl his family set him up with. In the end, a girl identical to Arjun's imaginative and fake girlfriend, Anjana meets Arjun similar to their meeting in Arjun's imaginative and fake story.