Rechukka

Maharaja Devarayalu (Mukkamala) celebrates his son Kumararayulu’s birthday on a grand scale. After celebrations, he offers diamond necklace to Goddess Devi but it falls down, Devarayalu worries for this inauspicious event. Mahamantri (Sadasiva Rao) expresses his desire of offering his daughter as King Devarayalu's daughter-in-law. But Devarayalu rejects it, insulted Mahamantri keeps quite for that time and conspires with Nagulu (Y. V. Raju) to grab the kingdom and wait for the time. Once Devarayalu was going with Kumararayalu to the temple they catch hold of the King but Veeranna (Nagabhushanam) aide of the King, takes away the prince. To distract the chasers attention he hides prince behind a tree and runs in a different direction. Mahamantri arrests Devarayalu. Kumarayalu was bitten by a snake which is noticed by Jogulu (Gaadepalli) who takes the kid to his hamlet and rescues him. Jogulu recognizes prince but hides the secret and grows him. Veerana being failed to find Kumararayalu goes back home tells his daughter Nana & wife that he is going to save the Devarayalu, he enters Mahamantri's bedroom in the night and gets arrested. Meanwhile, Mahamantri takes over the kingdom and is under the belief that Kumararayalu is dead.
After sixteen years, Veeranna’s daughter Nana (Anjali Devi), becomes a street dancer. Kumararayalu grows under the name of the Kannayya (N. T. Rama Rao). In the jail, Veeranna dies and asks Devarayalu to escape. So, he hides in a bag kept for Veeranna and escapes. Even though soldiers notice the escape of king, kept quiet for fear of punishment. Escaped Devarayalu takes shelter at Nana’s house. On the occasion of the birthday of Mahamantri’s daughter Lalitha Devi (Devika), Nana entertains her with dance and hides behind the state of the goddess when Mahamantri enters. Mahamantri gives the diamond necklace of Maharani to his daughter, but Nana steals it. Kannayya & his friend Annayya (Peketi Siva Rao) go to the fort and say that they will bring the necklace back. Kannayya finds the necklace and handover it to Nagulu’s son Chandraiah (Joga Rao) but Nana again snatches the necklace. Kannayya finds out Nana’s house and get back necklace and give it to the princess. Princess Lalitha Devi gives a gift bag with a love letter to Kannayya. Nana gets that bag and feels that Kannayya wrote that letter to her. After knowing the fact Kannayya goes to Lalitha Devi and says it's not good for her to love him. During the same time, he was captured by a soldier. Meanwhile, Nagulu comes to know that King Devarayalu is alive and threatened Kannayya about him. Nana listens to this and recognizes the person staying in her house as King. On King's advice, Nana steals royal assentRajamudra from the fort and releases Kannayya. Kanayya handover the royal assent to the king and he recognizes him as his son. Kannayya again leaves for the fort to save Nana but both were arrested. At the same time, the king Devarayalu goes to the tribal village and take the people to capital. In the fort, Kannayya plays a trick, attacks soldiers & Mahamantri. Mahamantri on the verge of death kills Nagulu and before dying handovers his daughter's responsibility to the King Devarayalu. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Kannayya & Nana.