Amara Geetham (dubbed from Telugu Chiranjeevulu)

Mohan (N. T. Rama Rao) & Sarada (Jamuna) are neighbors in a village. Since childhood, they like each other. Sarada’s father Rayudu (C.S.R) is a school teacher and Mohan’s father Ramadas (Mahankali Venkayya) is a sweet shop owner. Sarada’s mother Govindamma (Chaya Devi) a shrewd woman and her brother Ratnam (Peketi Sivaram) is a useless fellow. Ratnam doesn’t relish closeness between Sarada & Mohan. As his behavior is mischievous Govidamma sends him away and he comes back after few years. Once Sarada, Mohan with other people go to a village fair where Dr.Krishna (Gummadi) sees Sarada and likes her. Noticing this Ratnam gets acquaintance with Dr.Krishna. Meanwhile, Mohan & Sarada's marriage is fixed. Mohan goes to town to get jewelry for the marriage. On his way back a thief hits on Mohan's head and steals the jewelry. Dr.Krishna passing on the way takes him to his hospital. Ratnam notices this and reaches home. He spoils the marriage by telling that Mohan along with jewelry eloped with other girl and he fixes Sarada’s marriage with Dr.Krishna. Knowing this Mohan rushes towards home, his bullock cart turns upside down and he loses his sight. Mohan comes to know that Sarada is already married. Desperate Mohan goes to the railway track to commit suicide. Again Dr.Krishna rescues him and takes him to his house. Sarada sees Mohan but did not reveal her identity and starts serving him. Mohan gets back his vision and leaves to his village. Once Sarada talks to Mohan at the temple. Ratnam sees them and starts blackmailing her. Mohan returns to Dr.Krishna’s house to get back his doll when he realizes that Sarada is none other than Dr.Krishna's wife. Ratnam poisons Dr.Krishna’s brain and he suspects his wife’s fidelity. Mohan goes back to the temple and does not eat anything and wants to die. Janaki (Surabhi Balasaraswathi) sister of Mohan could not tolerate this and blames Sarada. Sarada slaps Janaki. Janaki sees Ratnam there and brings out the truth through him. But by the time Dr.Krishna learns the truth the tragedy occurs, Sarada takes poison. Instead, the doctor bides his time, lifts Sarada to the car and drives it on that cyclonic night to take her to Mohan, to the garden where Mohan & Sarada met during their childhood, thus allowing her to die in front of Mohan who also succumbs to the shock.[3]