Faster Fene

Banesh Fene(Amey Wagh) is a wildlife enthusiast & spends most of his time in forest treating birds. He is set to travel to Pune for 1 month for his medical entrance exam & his mother has arranged his stay at one of her relatives B. R. Bhagwat (Bha. Ra.) a renowned writer who now lives alone in Pune. The moment Banesh arrives at his place, he finds that there is a robbery that has taken place. He concludes that it would take 3 hours for police to arrive due to a political event happening nearby & gives him time to figure out the thief. He starts tracing evidence & eventually traces a 10-year-old boy who attempted the robbery. He finds out that the boy with pet name Bhu-Bhu is orphan & is forced to steal in an attempted murder of senior citizen to usurp all his wealth.
Banesh rescues the Bhu-Bhu from the clutches of the goons & gets back to B. R. Bhagwat's home. Bha. Ra. is a kind man & adopts him, he also rewards Banesh with a pen with which he had written numerous of his books. Next Banesh goes to the college where his exam is scheduled. There he meets another fellow student & become friends in a short time. Banesh lends him ones of his pens as he has forgotten his. After the exam, Banesh runs into his childhood friend Aboli & they exchange their numbers. He then rushes to find his friend to get back his pen. The examiner informs him that he left much before scheduled time. Banesh is disappointed to lose the pen he got in reward.
As Banesh is returning home, he reads in the newspaper that his friend has committed suicide. He is shocked as he found no suicidal symptoms, on the contrary, his friend was quite ambitious. He decides to investigate & goes to his hostel. There the police have completed the investigation & are about to return. The police mock Banesh's argument that it is a murder, masked as suicide. Late night barges into the hostel & checks the CCTV footage. There he finds that after the exam, his friend is chased by the suspected murder. 15 mins later the suspect comes out of the hostel in a petrified state & boards a rickshaw.
Banesh & Bhu-Bhu track down the rickshaw driver & question him about the suspect. From there the go-to Swastik Lodge, where the suspect was staying for past 15 days but has checked out earlier. They pose as friends of him & enquire the reception of forgotten stuff ( as the suspect had hurriedly left the lodge after the murder). They collect one set of clothes which he had given for laundry & find a receipt of photo-studio.
Banesh tracks down the photo-studio & gets all the details of the suspect. Meanwhile, the manager of Photo-studio informs his boss about Banesh who is trying to get information about the suspect. His boss is Appa, a mafia don who runs a syndicate that manipulates admissions to colleges. Amey with his sharp wit is able to get rid of the goons & returns home. The name of the suspect is Amol & Banesh sets to find him. He finally locates him at the medical college at Tuljapur. Amol reveals that he is not the murderer, but hiding out of fear because he is an eye-witness. The goons of Appa also reach the college at the same time & Banesh once again rescues Amol & himself from them.
Later Amol reveals the complete sequence of events. Amol is a coach for medical entrance exams & approached by Appa's men to appear as a dummy for some other student. Amol coming from a poor family is enticed by the money & agrees to do it. That's how he comes to Pune & appears for the exam. He is identified by Banesh's friend who was a student at Amol's coaching institute & figures out the whole thing. He informs the examiner & requests him to call the principal. The examiner is part of Appa's syndicate & he calls Appa instead of principal. Appa comes to the college & stalk him to his hostel. There they murder him to erase all the evidence. Amol witnesses this & runs away from the scene.
Banesh tries to understand Amol's dilemma and leaves him at Bhagwat's house. Bhagwat promises Banesh that he would take care of Amol. At night, when Banesh and Bhu-bhu leave to track Appa, Appa's henchmen attack B.R. Bhagwat's house and injure him. When Banesh returns, he asks Bhagwat about Amol and Bhagwat says thathe has locked Amol in the wardrobe to keep him safe. Appa calls Banesh and tells him that Pillai has captured Aboli and if he wants that Aboli, Bhagwat and him to be safe;Then he should bring Amol to his place.
Banesh hospitalizes Bhagwat and brings Amol to the goon's place. There he goes away with Aboli and Amol shouts at him saying that he is cheater.