Dunkirk

The film is set during Operation Dynamo, the evacuation of surrounded British and French troops from the beaches of Dunkirk, France between 26 May and 4 June 1940, during the Second World War. Events are seen mostly from the viewpoints of two people, a civilian in England, newspaper reporter Charles Foreman (Bernard Lee) and a British soldier in France, Corporal "Tubby" Binns (John Mills).
Foreman fails to rouse his complacent readers on the home front from the luring notion of a "Phoney War" (October 1939 – April 1940) before it is too late. His acquaintance John Holden (Richard Attenborough) owns a small factory manufacturing buckles and is quite pleased with his profits from the Phoney War. In May 1940, the Battle of France begins when the Germans invade and rapidly advance, threatening to trap much of the Allied forces in a pocket in northern France and overwhelm them.
Corporal "Tubby" Binns (John Mills), his platoon leader Lieutenant Lumpkin and a depleted section return to camp after blowing up a bridge, only to discover that their company has pulled out during the night, leaving them alone in France. One man and a lorry have been left to wait for them, but the driver and Lumpkin are killed in a German air attack, leaving Tubby in charge of a five-man squad with no idea what the situation is or where to go. It is up to Tubby to keep his increasingly demoralised men on the move. They dodge the advancing Germans and reach a Royal Artillery battery camp. There they receive some food, but lose Private Frazer while repelling a German column. They are then ordered to head north with two other stragglers to try to link up with the rest of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF). The party spends the night in a farmhouse, but at dawn a German patrol breaks in and Private Dave Bellman is shot badly in the chest, forcing Tubby to leave him behind, as it is Bellman's only chance of receiving medical attention. Eventually, they encounter a Royal Air Force lorry and get a lift to Dunkirk. They join the rest of the BEF and tens of thousands of French soldiers who are hoping to be evacuated to England.
The situation becomes so desperate that General John Vereker, Viscount Gort, the commander of the BEF, pulls out two divisions against orders to reinforce the wavering Belgians. The Admiralty commandeers all available civilian boats to help evacuate the troops from the beaches. Foreman insists on taking his motorboat Vanity himself, despite warnings of the danger. Other boat owners follow his example. Holden does the same with some reluctance at first, but his lack of commitment is soon forgotten.
The soldiers on the beaches are subjected to regular aerial bombing and strafing. Tubby and his men get aboard a ship, only to have it blown up and sunk before it can depart. When they get back to the beach, Pte Barlow is hit in the face and taken to the aid station. After ferrying soldiers to the larger vessels, Foreman's boat is destroyed by a bomber. He survives and is picked up by Holden in the Heron. When Heron's engine breaks down, Private Mike Russell, one of Tubby's men, effects repairs while Foreman and teenage crewman Frankie go ashore to survey the scene. Foreman and Tubby discuss who is responsible for the debacle. During a Sunday morning church parade, Foreman is fatally wounded in an attack by Luftwaffe Ju 87 Stuka dive bombers. Holden, Tubby and the rest of his men arrive safely back in Britain.