Musthaffaa

Musthaffaa (Napoleon) is the trusted henchman of the godfather Periyavar (Sooriya). When politicians need help, they notify Periyavar and Musthaffaa in turn solves the problem with his sidekick Chellappa (Goundamani). Musthaffaa considers Periyavar as his own father and he calls him Vappa (father in Tamil Muslim) whilst he considers Chellappa as his own elder brother.
In the meantime, Sundaresan (K. Prasanna) is appointed as an office worker in a government office and he has persistently refused bribes. Being from a middle class orthodox Brahmin family, Sundaresan lives his sick wife Bhagyalakshmi (Lakshmi), his daughter Lalitha (Charmila) and his son Ramkumar (Ganeshkar). His daughter falls in love with Lakshmanan (Babloo Prithiveeraj) while his son wants to become an engineer. So Lakshmanan's father asks them a huge dowry for the wedding and the engineer school principal asks them a huge amount to enrol their son. Without enough revenue, they refuses both proposals. Knowing their problems, Musthaffaa pressures Sundaresan to sign some contracts without examining them in exchange of bribes but they still refuse.
Abba shares enmity with Kaalaiya (Mansoor Ali Khan) which wants to kill Periyavar. Meanwhile, a dancer Kavita (Ranjitha), who works in Kaalaiya's dance club, is saved by Musthaffaa from Kaalaiya's henchmen. Thanks to Musthaffaa, Kavita becomes a Bharata Natyam teacher. Kavita develops a soft corner for Musthaffaa and they finally decide to get married. In the meantime, Bhagyalakshmi's asthma has worsened and she is admitted to the hospital. To treat her, Sundaresan must disburse a huge amount. The next day, the vigilance officer Rajaram (Kazan Khan) clothes as a civilian, tries to corrupt the officers but only Sundaresan accepts. Sundaresan is subsequently arrested for corruption.
Kaalaiya plans to kill Periyavar so his son puts a bomb in his car. Unfortunately, Kavita gets killed in the car blast before their wedding. Thereafter, Musthaffaa turns berserk and kills Kaalaiya's son. Musthaffaa decides to become a good man so he helps Sundaresan's family and decides to live with them. Thereby, Periyavar becomes upset over Musthaffaa's decision. First, the relationship between Musthaffaa and Sundaresan's family was very tense but later they lived together in total harmony respecting their customs.
During the Legislative Assembly election, the violence is in full swing between the ruling party and the opposition party. Periyavar, on the side of the ruling party, cannot control it without Musthaffaa while Kaalaiya, on the side of the opposition party, is gaining in power with Rajaram's aid. So Musthaffaa decides to take this last job to finance dowry for Lalitha's wedding, to finance Ramkumar's education, to give again Sundaresan's job and to treat Bhagyalakshmi's asthma. Finally, Musthaffaa kills Kaalaiya and the ruling party wins the election. The minister Sathyanathan (Prathapachandran) congrats him for his work, as for Musthaffaa, he requests the minister to deal the problems peacefully but it does not please Sathyanathan. During Lalitha's wedding, Musthaffaa is arrested by the police, as a transformed person, he accepts the sentence. There, in a twist of fate, Periyavar's henchman shoots Musthaffaa in the back and he died in Periyavar's arms. Periyavar orders it because of fear of reprisal and self-interest. In turn, Chellappa in tears shoots Periyavar and Chellappa is immediately arrested.