Thomas & Friends: Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure

One day at Kepford Station, after Thomas makes Gordon's loaned express flying trying to disprove Gordon about tank engines, The Fat Controller sends Thomas to the construction yard as punishment. At the construction site, the ground beneath the tracks begin to crumble and some engineers deem it unsafe. Meanwhile, at Arlesburgh Junction, the small engines burst into song to cheer Thomas up, but at the yard, he eagerly rolls over the track as it gives way for a large gap, his flatbeds pulling him into getting badly damaged. He sees, however, an old abandoned pirate ship in the cavern and while being lifted out, he tries to tell the Fat Controller about it, while an elderly man watches Thomas being recovered with his telescope.
Next morning, the man climbs onto another ship while it's in harbour, and that night, Thomas suddendly wakes to and follows a sailboat flowing down the line. Just outside the sinkhole, Thomas accidentally knocks the construction sign down, but soon agrees to help find the treasure, and he lowers its owner, John, into the cavern after being tied to him, where Calles' map is found. With multiple factors against him and boat Skiff, Thomas pushes Skiff back to Alresburgh Harbour to sail home again. Later that morning, Marion's next cut job is too hard and as Ryan puffs away, sparks from his funnel lights his dynamite, which him and some other engines pass around before Thomas shunts the trucks into the cavern, right before it explodes. Since it looked like Thomas chased Ryan with the dynamite, the Fat Controller furiously, and by now, sends him to his shed. The diggers' cutting gets slowed down, but while Marion finds a chest in the cliffside.
That night, Thomas agrees to help them find the treasure, but gets immediately accused of finding it first. An upset Thomas bumps into Marion, who drops the chest onto him, revealing the treasure. Thomas finds that the Lost Pirate is actually Sailor John. Passing through Knapford, Thomas overhears the Fat Controller on the telephone, saying the treasure will be in his office overnight. That night, Thomas soon sleeps in waiting on a siding just outside the station, when John blows up the safe and takes the treasure. The explosion wakes Thomas up, who begins pursuing him. To keep up with the two, Thomas has to race through a red signal and towards a hill, where he finds the pirate ship, set rolling down the hill. At Arlesburgh Junction, Thomas yells out to the small engines and the three bravely create an sudden pull trick that makes the ship topple over.
As the morning sun rises, John tries multiple ways to stop Thomas, last trying to blow him up with a stick, but Skiff tips over slightly, causing John to lose his aim. Skiff encourages Thomas to derail him, just as John violently hits Thomas in his face with the oar, threatening to have Skiff in the dry dock sail-less. Thomas furiously bumps into Skiff, but accidentally sends him down a wrong line, much to Sailor John's delight. Though it seems as if there is no hope left, Thomas suddenly notices that his line crosses over Skiff's, immediately picking up speed and ramming into him. Skiff is then re-railed onto Thomas' line, but their relief is short-lived, just as Thomas notices his line runs into the sea. Thomas slips into the sea and rests atop of Skiff's chassis, while Skiff and Sailor John sail away. Skiff tries to tell Sailor John to go back and help Thomas, but John threatens to destroy him if he tries to betray him. Suddenly, a wave pushes them along and causes them to lose the oar. Sailor John orders Skiff to stop it, telling him he is letting in water, but Skiff tells him that the treasure is too heavy and is making him sink, telling John to throw it overboard. Sailor John does not want to and forces Skiff to sail on, just as a huge wave forms. Skiff is capsized by the oncoming wave and the treasure chest sinks to the bottom of the sea. Thomas watches on from the harbour, thinking this is the end for Skiff, just as Skiff turns back over much to Thomas' relief.
Later that morning, the police turns up to catch Sailor John and arrested him. Thomas is lifted onto a flatbed by Rocky and upon seeing the Fat Controller, he tries to apologise, thinking and worrying that he would be cross with him again, especially after Thomas' previous mishaps. However, the Fat Controller tells Thomas that he is proud of him for being a hero by trying to stop Sailor John and that Ryan told him everything. but Thomas is still upset that the treasure is lost, but the Fat Controller is not concerned about that, telling Thomas that he is just happy that he is alright and that his engines are much more important to him than any old treasure and that Thomas is his number 1. Thomas smiles and his number is shown to be back.
At last, the construction of the new branch line running to Harwick is now complete. Marion finds out that there are, indeed, two Olivers on Sodor and Thomas, fully repaired, arrives with Annie and Clarabel for the opening ceremony. The Fat Controller announces that Ryan will be handling the goods traffic, while an old friend looks after the passengers. Thomas says he already has a branch line, but the old friend is revealed to actually be Daisy. The branch line is declared open and Thomas leads the other engines along down the new branchline, meeting up with Skiff again, who is now carrying out railboat tours to visitors. the Divers recover the treasure and that night, Thomas and Skiff watch from the harbour at Alresburgh as the fireworks shoots up into the Sky.