A Room for Romeo Brass

12-year-old boys Romeo Brass and Gavin Woolley have been best friends and neighbors for the majority of their lives. Gavin suffers from injuries to his back which subject him to bullying from other local boys to which Romeo quickly steps to defend him. On one particular day two boys confront Gavin and once again Romeo steps in and things turn violent, and since Gavin's injury prevents him from fighting he can't assist his friend. During the fight Gavin spots Morell and calls for him to help and Morell chases the two boys off and then drives Romeo and Gavin home. Upon meeting Morell Romeo's family quickly deduce his behavior as peculiar. Morell quickly develops an immediate attraction to Romeo's sister Ladine and seeks Romeo's advice to go out with her, Gavin takes the opportunity to play a trick on Morell that would result in him humiliating himself. Morell returns to the shop where Ladine works to apologise and ask her out again to which she accepts out of pity.
Morell encourages the boys to miss school one day and accompany him to the beach. When Romeo goes off to buy ice cream, Morell confronts Gavin about the prank and viciously threatens him if he ever tries to do it again. Romeo continues to spend time with Morell which distances him from Gavin who goes in for an operation to his back and distances himself from Morell's antics. Romeo also looks to Morell as a new father figure after his violent, estranged father Joe turns up back in his life which infuriates him. Morell begins to influence Romeo to behave more violently and convinces him to stay away from Gavin whilst continues to pursue Ladine who is greatly disturbed by his eccentric behaviour. Whilst on a date Ladine sits in Morell's flat and makes a pass at her which she rebuffs. Angry and rejected, Morell tries to force Ladine to at least fool around with him after which she storms out.
Morell takes his frustrations out on Romeo displaying his bullying antics to him now and forces him out of his flat. The next day Morell forces Romeo into his van to follow Ladine and Morell beats a customer Ladine was flirting with close to death in front of Romeo and he runs away. Upset by Morell's actions Romeo goes to Gavin's house where he is comforted by Gavin's parents. Morell follows Romeo back to the Woolley's and starts to bully Gavin's dad Bill. Witnessing this Joe steps in to defend Bill and attacks Morell and forces him away. Romeo and Gavin reconcile their friendship and restore the lives back to normal.