Henry VIII and His Six Wives

On his deathbed, Henry VIII reflects upon his long reign, and especially the crucial part his six marriages have played. The bulk of the film is depicted in flashback, while the elderly Henry VIII is surrounded by his family and courtiers waiting for him to die.
Henry's first queen is the Spanish princess Catherine of Aragon. The young pair are in the midst of celebrating the birth of their son, only to be told that he has died. Henry and Catherine mourn their child together, and hope for another soon. Many years pass, during which time Catherine only manages to produce one living daughter, Mary. Henry confides to Thomas More that he fears the marriage is cursed by God, as Catherine had previously been married to Henry's late older brother, Arthur, although the marriage was not consummated.
Henry woos Anne Boleyn, a lady at court, who refuses to sleep with him unless she is his wife. Henry presses the Vatican for an annulment of his marriage to Catherine but when that fails he has Cardinal Wolsey removed from office and himself made head of the Church of England. Catherine is sent away from court and Anne is crowned the new queen. Anne also fails to produce a male heir, only giving birth to another daughter, Elizabeth. Henry loses interest in Anne and starts courting Jane Seymour, another lady of the court. Thomas Cromwell, protege of Cardinal Wolsey, observes Henry's interest in Jane and decides to assist him, presenting a case of Anne's infidelity with various gentlemen of the court and her own brother, George Boleyn. Anne is arrested and beheaded in the Tower of London.
Henry marries Jane Seymour, who successfully returns Princess Mary to royal favour and has opinions on the matter of religion and asks for pardons for the participants of the Pilgrimage of Grace. Jane gives birth to Henry's long-sought male heir, Edward, but she dies soon afterwards.
Henry's courtiers advise him to marry again for diplomatic reasons, with Cromwell pushing for the German Anne of Cleves, of whose portrait Henry approves. However, when she arrives Henry is disappointed that her appearance doesn't match the image, and not long after a reluctant wedding, arranges an annulment.
At court, Henry is drawn to Catherine Howard, young cousin of Anne Boleyn. Catherine is surprised by Henry's attention, but is pressured to give way to him by her uncle, Thomas Howard, Duke of Norfolk. Henry and Catherine marry, with Henry lavishing her with many gifts and jewels. Archbishop Thomas Cranmer then discovers that Catherine has had liaisons before her marriage, and presents this knowledge to Henry, who at first refuses to believe the charges. Cranmer secures a confession from Catherine, who also admits of an affair with Thomas Culpeper during her marriage to Henry. Catherine is beheaded.
Henry, now elderly, approaches Catherine Parr, a widow from two previous marriages. Catherine is at first reluctant, citing her religious views which differ from Henry's, but Henry admits his need for companionship in his old age. The pair marry, and Catherine becomes a loving stepmother to the royal children Mary, Elizabeth and Edward.
At the end of the flashbacks, Catherine Parr is shown waiting by Henry's beside with Princess Mary. Archbishop Cranmer is summoned for Henry's final confession, and Henry dies holding his hand.