Runner

Ajay Varma (Mahesh Babu) is a Hyderabad-based Kabbadi player who visits Kurnool to take part in a state-level tournament. There, he saves Swapna Reddy (Bhoomika Chawla) from Obul Reddy,(Prakash Raj) a dangerous faction leader, who is in love with Swapna and wants to marry her against her wishes. Ajay learns that Swapna is trying to leave to the United States for pursuing higher education after Obul killed her brothers. When Ajay saves Swapna, he humiliates Obul by pushing him into a mudpond. Obul refuses to cleanse the mud until Swapna is found and brought back. Ajay helps Swapna escape and takes her to his house in an old city, hiding her in his room with the help of his sister, Asha(Niharkia).
Soon, his parents find out she is hiding in their house. Swapna and Ajay run away again and she falls in love with him. The next day, the police, led by Ajay's father Vijay,(Mukesh Rishi) surround the Charminar where Swapna is hidden by Ajay. The duo, along with Ajay's friends, reach the airport to go to the United States. They bring her parents to see her one last time before she leaves. After Swapna is past airport security, Ajay realises he loves Swapna. She shows up and hugs him while proposing him.
At the airport, Vijay arrests Ajay while Obul's men take Swapna away. After Swapna taunts him by saying that Ajay will definitely come for her, Obul goes to the jail and asks Ajay to come with him. Here, Vijay expresses that he's not worried about Ajay; rather, he's worried for Obul. Obul and his henchmen are kidnapped by Ajay, who, along with his friends, attend the finals of national level tournament.
Meanwhile, Obul's brother Siva Reddy,(Rajan P.Dev) who happens to be the home minister of the state, is waiting at the venue of Obul's marriage with Swapna. After coming to know about his whereabouts, Siva reaches the stadium along with Swapna and his mother where Ajay and Obul are fighting with each other. Swapna's father( Chandra Mohan) stabs Obul, whereas his mother dies in a bomb blast. Siva decides not to react as it would harm his position as a minister and Ajay, whose team won the match, celebrates the victory with Swapna and his family.