Aambala

Saravanan (Vishal) is a person in Ooty who runs a business of gathering people for politicians and events. One day he meets Maya (Hansika) and falls for her. However, Rajasekhar (Santhanam) also falls in love with her. Saravanan convinces Rajasekhar to not fall for Maya by talking about the expenses high class people require. Rajasekhar is a police inspector. Due to several mishaps caused, he is fired and stars working as a hotel doorman. He is shocked to find Saravanan and Maya going out together. He asks Saravanan how he made Maya fall in love with him. As Saravanan finishes his story it is revealed that it was Saravanan who indirectly caused those mishaps to Rajasekhar.
Rajasekhar, enraged, hires Kumaran (Vaibhav), who is a specialist in breaking others' love. Kumaran then sends Andrea Jeremiah who shows an edited photo of her and Saravanan together and how a child mistook Saravanan for her father. This causes a conflict in the relationship of Saravanan and Maya.
Due to his failure in love, Saravanan consumes alcohol and was unconscious. Kumaran who is also at the bar helps Saravanan and drops him at his house. Saravanan's mother, Thulasi (Tulasi), who was ashamed of Saravanan's behaviour, sends him to meet his father Aalavanthan (Prabhu) and his younger brother Shakthi (Sathish) at Madurai. There they meet Aalavanthan and rejoin him. They come to know that Kumaran is also the son of Aalavanthan's ex-lover.
Aalavanthan reveals to his sons that they have three aunts, Periya Ponnu (Ramya Krishnan), Nadu Ponnu (Aishwarya), and Chinna Ponnu (Kiran Rathod). Aalavanthan wants his sons to marry the daughters of their aunts so that their family can reunite once and for all. At first Saravanan hesitates but when he finds Maya is also a daughter of his aunt he agrees to the plan. Aalavanthan has asked them to kidnap and he asked them to marry their cousins. Aalavanthan says that tomorrow is a temple function and their aunts are respected first.
The next day Kumaran, Saravanan, and Shakthi has disguised themselves so that nobody can identify them, and instead of kidnapping their cousins they kidnap their aunts. The village people mistake them as police posted to their village, which helps the trio sneak into their aunts' house. There their uncles help them create affection to their daughters. Their aunts' daughters also start to reciprocate love to the trio.
Periya Ponnu, their elder aunt decides to participate in the MLA election in their provinces. The villain Pasupathy (Pradeep Rawat), current MLA of the provinces and ex-servant of Aalavanthan's family, provokes her by saying that if he loses to her he will work at her home as servant, but if she loses, her daughter Maya will be married to his son. Saravanan then helps his aunt win the elections.
However, a few days before the elections Saravanan's aunts find out that Saravanan's father is their brother Aalavanthan, who was seen as the murderer of their father. Their hatred towards Aalavanthan results in them getting Saravanan and his brothers caught by the police.
Aalavanthan is hurt by his sisters' harsh words at him. He suddenly gets a heart attack and is admitted to the hospital. As Saravanan and his brothers are stuck in jail, his aunt has lost many of the people's hope for voting for her due to Pasupathy's evil plans in causing misunderstandings. Sarvanan uses Rajasekhar to stop Pasupathy's evil plans. When Pasaupathy tries to bribe people with money, Saravanan and Kumaran cause some mishap and the tables turn giving Periya Ponnu the edge. There Pasupathy comes with a mob and tries to kill the whole family and take Maya, but Saravanan and Maya unite in a different location, and then fight Pasupathy and his son giving the victory. It is also revealed that Pasupathy killed Aalavanthan's father and not Aalavanthan. There Aalavanthan and the whole family unite, and Maya weds Saravanan.