Saaya

Akash "Akki" (John Abraham) and his wife Maya (Tara Sharma) are doctors. When malaria strikes India on the Burmese border, pregnant Maya rushes over to help, despite Akki's disapproval. Akash soon receives the news of her death caused by a bus crash. The bus crashed into water at heavy rains.
Akash believes that on looking at the face of the corpse, one would be able to trace out the mentality of that person at the time of death; and so he desperately searches for the corpse of Maya. However he could not succeed. Akash cannot accept Maya's passing away and believes strongly that she did not die. Akash himself has paranormal experiences where he feels that Maya's soul is trying to communicate with him. He tries to communicate with her through the hospital patients who have faced a near-death experience. Every patient draws a strange symbol, and one corpse starts talking to Akash when he is alone. Tanya (Mahima Chaudhry), a close friend of Maya, tries to console Akash, because when her lover died in an accident it was Akash who treated her. Now, she believes it is her turn, and she believes he is hallucinating.
With the help of a nun called Sister Martha and clues, Akash decides to go back to where it all began — the border. There, with the help of a guide, he tries to find out about Maya but is not very successful, following which Akash jumps off a waterfall near the crash site and finds the sunken bus. He sees Maya's spirit beckoning him, and she shows him her accident and the incidents that followed. He goes to the nearby village tribe and asks if they saved Maya. They say she died, but they saved her soul. They take Akash inside and show him a surprise — though Maya died, she gave birth to their daughter. Akash thus realises that Maya was teaching him to trust, because their baby survived among the tribe without any medical attention despite being premature. He also realizes that Maya's spirit was trying to reach him so that he could meet their daughter. He takes their child home and lives happily ever after.