Bhale Mastaru

Madhu (N. T. Rama Rao) an unemployed educated guy who is the search for a job, his mother (Santhi Kumari) is a serious TB patient who requires immediate treatment. Once he sees an advertisement for teacher's job at a lady Zamindar’s house, but he should be above 50 years of age. Madhu wants to save his ailing mother at any cost, so, he changes his attire as 50 years by the name Prof. Madhusudan Rao and reaches their palace. Zamindar Seetadevi (Anjali Devi) an unmarried aged woman, who is a lady Hitler, she is the guardian of her expired brother's five children Vijaya (Kanchana), Vimala (Sheela), Buchi Babu (Raja Babu) and others are small kids. Seetadevi employs Madhu as a teacher. All these are mischievous and try to send him away but Madhu manages to retain the job. Once Madhu meets Vijaya without disguise, they start liking each other and he introduces himself as Professor's nephew. He always praises Seeta Devi and her glamor in the old avatar to get her appreciation, so, she too starts loving Professor and decides to marry him. Madhu is sand witched. After sometime Madhu reveals the truth to Vijaya and explains under what circumstances he has to play this drama, anyhow she understands him. Meanwhile, younger girl Vimala has been cheated by a guy Giri (Krishnam Raju) and she tries to commit suicide jumps into the water, to protect her Madhu also jumps into the water in Professor's attire where Seetadevi realizes Madhu’s cheating. She becomes furious and feels that he is the person who cheated Vimala. She takes the gun and tries to shoot Madhu. Madhu’s mother reaches there, she comes in between and gets wounded. Then Vijaya & remaining children scolds Seeta Devi and says her as a demon which hurts her a lot. Parallelly, Vimala becomes unconscious for sometime when she recovers tells about Giri, Madhu brings him and proves that he is the person who had done injustice to Vimala. At last, Seeta Devi decides to leave the home Madhu & children stop her and says sorry. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Madhu & Vijaya.