Detective Conan: Full Score of Fear

The movie opens on the stage of a concert hall where a woman is observing two men during a practice. She sends a message on her cellphone, and then there is an explosion.
Elsewhere, an unknown person with the classic black silhouette of a man reads the news on the computer and comments on how he is getting closer to his plan of a Silent Night.
Later, on the grounds outside the hall, Conan Edogawa talks to Ran Mori on the phone as Shinichi Kudo. He investigates and sees an old man carefully picking up a piano key from the piano destroyed in the explosion, and putting it in his pocket. The man leaves in a car. Ran invites him to go to a rehearsal with her at the concert hall that is opening soon. He declines and tells her she's meddling too much which causes her to angrily reply he will never be like Sherlock Holmes because he's tone deaf. Ran angrily hangs up.
At the rehearsal; Kogoro Mori, Ran, Sonoko Suzuki, and the Detective Boys are introduced to the characters who will be performing for the Domoto Concert Hall opening; Kazuki Domoto the organist and former pianist, Takumi Fuwa the former piano tuner turned director of the hall, Hans Müller as the professional organ tuner, Genya Domoto, son of Kazuki and pianist, Rara Chigusa Soprano, Shion Yuhane Violinist, and Reiko Akiba the main Soprano. The kids ask Reiko Akiba to help their class choir to sing their school anthem. She agreed, but asks them to leave immediately, possibly to allow Shion, who is shy, perform without fear.
The next day Ran plays the piano while the kids sing the Teitan Elementary School anthem. Akiba comments on their performance; Genta is too loud, Mitsuhiko is not putting enough feelings into it as he was staring at Ai, Ai is singing like an adult, Ayumi is perfect, and Conan is off key the whole time. He is revealed later to have a perfect pitch. Genta steals a drink of Akiba's tea and suffers in agonizing pain.
At the hospital, the doctor says that Genta's throat is severely inflamed by chemicals and he will not be able to speak for about four days. The detective boys, Sonoko, and Akiba accompany Genta home. On the way home they are chased by a truck, so at one of the turns Akiba takes a different route to get the truck away from them. She trips and is about to be run over until a taxi comes and the car turns. The culprit escapes.
Later, two more murders occur. One explosion kills Soko Kawabe, with the foot joint of a flute left on the scene. The other murder occurs when the paraglider of the victim is inflicted with fine cuts to cause it to plunge from mid-air. In the victim's car is the headjoint of the flute. These 2 victims, together with the 2 dead victims from the earlier explosion, formerly belonged to a group called the quarter quintet. Conan, indebted to Akiba for a reason he has forgotten, follows her to the forest as she is known to relax there on the day before the concert. She is attacked by a gunner who wounds her leg. They escape when the gunner pauses on shooting the killing shot. She does not report this to the police to avoid missing the concert.
Mori (incorrectly) deduces that the murderer is Genya Domoto as a year ago the quarter quintet badly performed the 9th symphony of Beethoven whilst drunk. Mori assumes Domoto was a Beethoven fanatic and seeing one of his songs defiled by drunks, murdered them. An evidence he points out was Genya's hair was cut the same way as Beethoven. Genya reveals he got his hair for his mother and his hair is natural.
At Domoto Hall, the concert is being prepared. Sonoko says that a balcony is reserved with 10 seats, which is one for Shinichi. After rehearsal Conan and Akiba look for Kazuki to tell him a key for the organ is a little flat. Near a lake, she and Conan are knocked out by the assailant with a wrench. They wake up downstream and hear an explosion coming from the Doumoto Hall. Since the Concert Hall is built to be soundproof and stable, the explosions outside could not be heard inside. The explosions are slowly destroying the pillars outside the hall to prevent entry or exit. Conan sees a phone on top of a building. He explains that phones work by hearing chords (a combination of one or more notes played at the same time) of sounds as numbers. He knocks the phone down with the ball and Akiba and Conan exert the right chords to dial 110, calling the cops.
Conan enters the balcony of the assailant, revealing him to be Takumi Fuwa. Conan reveals the reason why Fuwa killed the first four people was to avenge his son, (Akiba's fiancé), who died indirectly because of them, as well as his pride as a professional piano tuner being thrown away when Kazuki Domoto quit playing the piano. Without his son, wife, and pride of being a tuner for a professional pianist, his life was nothing and he wanted to bring silence to the organ which haunted him.
Just then the 24th irregular note was played but the final explosion did not occur. Conan reveals that he had already removed the sensor from the organ before he came to Fuwa. Fuwa congratulates him and prepares to press the detonator but it was shot out of his hand by Officer Sato. Fuwa takes out a gun and prepares to commit suicide until Kazuki arrives and reveals to him the reason he quit as a pianist was to keep Fuwa's pride. Because of Fuwa's old age, his hearing was starting to deteriorate and so was his tuning, so to keep his pride Kazuki quit being a pianist so he did not have to hurt his friend. Fuwa comes to realize this and surrenders peacefully.
While outside the concert, Ran hears Amazing Grace played on a violin. She enters the wood where Conan tells her Shinichi played it to her to be forgiven like that day long ago.
At the post credits, Akiba reveals the song Amazing Grace is a song of forgiveness, a favourite of her late fiancee. She sings it on the anniversary of his death near the river which is why she did not pursue revenge like Fuma did for his son. Conan asks how Ran knew it was Shinichi playing the violin. Ran replies he has a weird habit when he plays the violin. Conan is later seen in his house's library playing Amazing Grace to try to find his "strange habit".