Pathala Bhairavi

The queen of Ujjain is keen for her daughter Indumathi (alias Indu) to marry her brother Surasena, a timid and mentally unstable person. When the gardener's son 'Thota' Ramudu beats Surasena at a concert for irritating the common people, he is summoned by the king to the court. His boldness leaves a considerable impression, but when Ramudu declares his love for Indu a day before his death sentence for meeting Indu secretly, the king is reminded of the astrologers' prediction that only a brave man can save her from a wicked sorcerer. He then challenges Ramudu to amass wealth equal to that of his to marry Indu, to which Ramudu agrees. He is released from prison.
Ramudu meets a Nepali sorcerer during the latter's magic show in a street. The sorcerer, who is ordered by Goddess Pathala Bhairavi during his prayers to sacrifice an intelligent and brave young man before her to be granted a statuette which grants any wish, feels that Ramudu is suitable for the sacrifice. While taking a holy bath in the nearby pond, Ramudu kills a crocodile that immediately transforms into a woman after being killed. The woman informs Ramudu that he had freed her from a hermit's curse and also reveals the sorcerer's intentions. Just before the sacrifice, Ramudu sacrifices the sorcerer and wins the statuette, consequently amassing the wealth equal to that of the king. In return, the king lives up to his promise and accepts Indu's wishes to marry Ramudu.
The sorcerer's apprentice Sadajapa discovers his master dead at the Pathala Bhairavi's shrine and brings him back to life with the help of Sanjeevani. Upon resurrection, the sorcerer makes a deal with Surasena, who was about to commit suicide, to bring the statuette in exchange of everything Ramudu has, including Indu. Surasena agrees and steals the statuette, then handing it over to the sorcerer which changes the fate of Ramudu and Indu, leaving the former penniless. Ramudu pledges to bring Indu his wealth back and leaves for the sorcerer's lair along with his cousin, Anji.
While they are unable to locate the sorcerer's lair, Indu refuses the sorcerer's proposal to marry him. With the help of the statuette, the sorcerer brings Ramudu to his lair and tortures him in front of Indu with a hope that she would succumb to his proposal to marry him. Posing as an assistant, Ramudu shaves the sorcerer's beard, making him lose his powers. Afterwards, Ramudu finds the statuette and wishes to bring the palace back to Ujjain. In a fight between Ramudu and the sorcerer mid-way in the sky, the latter dies when Ramudu throws him out. The palace is back in Ujjain and Surasena apologises to both Ramudu and Indu before uniting them. While Anji marries Indu's best friend, the film ends with the marriage of Ramudu and Indu with the elders' blessing.