Ongole Githa

The film opens with Narayana (Prabhu) and his son escaping from a gangster Durga (Abhimanyu Singh) who intends to kill them. The film then shifts to 2001 where a young boy named White, an orphan entering the Ongole market. He manages to catch the attention of many people including the chairman of the market, Adikeshavulu (Prakash Raj) who is god to the people of the market, with his tactical ways of business and establishes him as a Businessman there. Years later, White (Ram Pothineni), still a leading merchant in the market is the owner of four shops. On the innaugrational event of his fourth shop, he meets Sandhya a.k.a. Sandy (Kriti Kharbanda), Adikeshavulu's daughter and falls for her. The MLA (Ahuti Prasad) wants to buy the market so he can shift it to a land on the outskirts of the city. During this it is also revealed that Adikeshavulu is not a good man but is pretending to be a good one. Whenever he returns home after difficultly pretending to be a good person he stands in front of the mirror and removes all of his clothes. Out of anger for Adikeshavulu not giving him the market, The MLA makes White the chairman of the market. Adikeshavulu beats the MLA to a pulp and makes him announce Adikeshavulu the chairman. When the White agrees on the condition that Adikeshavulu's daughter must marry him. Out of greed for the market, Adikeshavulu agrees and gets White and Sandy engaged. On the night after their engagement, White goes to Sandy's house to meet her. But she escapes from him and reaches outside the house with her grandmother and mother and complains on White. Just then, Adikeshavulu comes in drunk but controlled but White understands and goes away but his fatherlike business partner in a drunk mode reveals that White has a father who lives in Tripura. Adikeshavulu uses this information and sends Durga to find White's father. But at Tripura, Durga bumps into White while trying to kill an old enemy. It is now revealed that the 'old enemy' (Narayana) is White's father and that White's real name is Dorababu. White's partner finds out and blames White of being the son of the person who murdered his family. It is now that White reveals his past. Years back, Narayana used to be the chairman of the Ongole market. Adikeshavulu was the son of another man (Jaya Prakash Reddy), who envied Narayana and wanted his post. The man commits suicide as he could not get the post and taking pity, Narayana appoints Adikeshavulu his man and the market continues to prosper with Adikeshavulu pretending to be good. One day, Adikeshavulu starts collecting money from the sellers as the funds for building shelter and giving food for the sellers were insufficient. Narayana comes there, stops Adikeshavulu and tells him that he will give the money. Another man in the market who envies Narayana blames him of acting in front of the people and accuses him of telling Adikeshavulu to collect the money. But nobody believes him and continue to trust Adikeshavulu. Adikeshavulu kills the man along with Durga and it is revealed that it is he who killed his brother. White (Dorababu), decides now to take revenge. Meanwhile, Adikeshavulu kidnaps Narayana and decides to put him in a sack in the market and burn the market to ashes as he will get the insurance as profit. The market is burnt that night but White comes to save it and ends up chasing Adikeshavulu into the announcement office. There, Adikeshavulu reveals everything about himself, including the fact that he was the one who killed his brother, which White accidentally catches on the announcement mike. Everybody outside hears everything and charges at Adikeshavulu who ends up being killed by their beatings. The people welcome Narayana back in the market and finally he gets his post as market president back.