Skinny Tiger, Fatty Dragon

Fatty and Baldy are a pair of detectives dealing with a crime syndicate of triad gangsters. After a jewelry robbery, they later find Lai (Carrie Ng), a woman who is associated with the gangsters, but end up getting themselves into trouble for going into the women's changing room.
The gang leader, Wing (Lau Kar-wing), learns that one of his henchman, Johnny (Tai Bo), has leaked his secrets so he is stabbed by Wing himself.
During their investigation of the Lai's house, things go very wrong for Fatty and Baldy, and they end up imitating robbers in order to escape from the gang. They steal her car and are briefly chase by the gangsters, trashing it along the way. Later that night, Lai calls Fatty and arranges a meeting at an abandoned warehouse. At the location, another fight ensues, followed by a chase of Lai's boss, "Prince" Tak (Lung Ming-yan), and Fatty ends up ruining the English Deputy Commissioner's wedding.
Fatty and Baldy are ordered to leave Hong Kong while things settle down, so they head to Singapore. However, Lai, who has turned against her gang, is then killed by a pair of transsexual assassins. When Fatty is about to have dinner with Baldy and his girlfriend (Wanda Yung), he inadvertently ruins their relationship. So the pair have dinner outside, leading to another confrontation. Baldy deals with two English henchmen, whilst Fatty is fighting the transsexual assassins.
In the aftermath of the event, Fatty's father and Baldy's girlfriend are hospitalised. Realising they will never have peace until Wing is stopped, they apprehend Tak's brother at an abandoned warehouse full of gas cylinders. The plan goes sour, leading to a final confrontation with the gangsters. The two English henchmen try to take down Baldy while Fatty uses nunchaku. In the midst of the finale, Fatty temporarily knocks Tak down and tries to take Tak's brother out. At the final moment, Tak fires his gun, he hits the gas cylinders and Baldy and Fatty escape, killing everyone in the process. In the end, the police chief stops Fatty and Baldy from knocking each other out after a fight over money.