Riki-Oh: The Story of Ricky

The plot closely follows the events depicted in the original Japanese comic and its anime adaptation, with some minor modifications in certain instances.
By the year 2001, all correctional facilities have been privatized. Lik Wong/Ricky Ho (Fan Siu-wong), a martial artist and former music student, is sentenced to 10 years in prison for manslaughter after killing a crime lord who was indirectly responsible for the death of his girlfriend Keiko/Anne (Gloria Yip) , by punching a hole through his head. Flashback scenes reveal that a group of thugs had grabbed her after they saw her witnessing their heroin deal. Anne was so scared in captivity that she ran upstairs and fell off the roof to her death. It is also revealed in a flashback that Ricky's name as a child was Rick, but his uncle, after seeing how strong he was, decided to call him Ricky instead.
One morning in the prison bathroom, an elderly inmate named Ma/Omar is viciously beaten by the captain of the cells, Wildcat/Samuel. As Samuel leaves, Ricky trips him, and Samuel falls directly on a piece of wood with nails on it, accurately set up by Ricky, hand and face first. As Samuel devises a plan to get back at Ricky, one of the inmates suggest that they should have Zorro, a dangerous, morbidly obese inmate (who claims to haven eaten a zebra by himself), to kill him. Omar is later informed by the guards that they turned down his probation after Samuel tells the guards that Omar was spreading rumors although this was untrue. Stricken by grief, Omar hangs himself.
The next day, Zorro attacks Ricky, but is quickly and horribly killed by getting gutted by Ricky's bare hands. Ricky crushes Samuel's hand like peanuts and punches a giant hole into Samuel's stomach, killing Samuel instantly. Shortly after, a member of the fearsome Four Heavenly Kings (Gang of Four in the English dub (named after the actual gang of four which was led by Mao Zedong's wife)) named Hai/Oscar, the leader of the North Cell, suggests that Ricky should see the sadistic one-eyed Assistant Warden Dan. After Ricky confronts Dan, he suggests Oscar to kill Ricky. Outside the prison yard, Oscar and Ricky engage in a fight. During the fight Ricky slaps Oscar on the back of the head, forcing his eyeball to pop out of its socket. Oscar cuts a hole in his stomach and uses his intestines to strangle Ricky. Ricky manages to throw Oscar in the air and deliver a crushing blow into Oscar's face, breaking his face and killing Oscar.
Later on, Ricky soon discovers that the Gang of Four is growing illegal opium for profit. Huang Chung/Rogan, leader of the West Cell, discovers that Ricky had set the poppy garden on fire and they both fight. As the fight goes on, Brandon, leader of the South Cell, throws his needles and ties Ricky up with them, leaving him defenseless. Meanwhile, the guards report to Dan that the Warden is returning from his vacation in Hawaii, prompting Dan to raise the Zero Alarm, causing the defense system to shoot at anybody who is not in their cell. While the fight continues, Tarzan, leader of the East Cell, interferes, claiming that he wants to fight Ricky. As the Zero Alarm goes off, Ricky and the Gang of Four part ways for now.
The next day, the Warden and his spoiled, overweight son return from their vacation. Dan informs the Warden about the incidents during his absence, including the poppy garden which infuriates the Warden, almost forcing him to transform to a Hulk like creature. He prevents himself from hulking out by taking some medication pills. Dan escorts the Warden to Ricky's cell. As the Warden questions him, Tarzan bursts through the wall and fights Ricky once again, which ends with Ricky brutally mutilating Tarzan, dismembering half of his left arm with a punch and breaking his jaw with an uppercut. The Warden then activates a ceiling trap to crush Ricky. As Ricky struggles to stay alive, Tarzan regains consciousness and holds the ceiling, claiming that he is still alive. Tarzan unintentionally saves Ricky from being crushed by the ceiling, at the cost of Tarzan's life. After escaping the trap Ricky finds a photo showing that Tarzan had a family waiting for him in the outside world.
Later, the Warden orders the inmates to bury Ricky alive, which they reluctantly obey. The Warden claims if Ricky survives by staying underground for a week, he will consider freeing him from prison. As the week quickly passes by, Ricky survives by eating dog meat, but the Warden does not free him. Later that night, Ricky is chained in his cell. A fellow inmate, named Freddy, brings him food so Ricky can regain his power. However, another inmate sees this and informs Dan about it and in response, Dan mortally wounds Freddy. Dan, dragging Freddy's body with his hook, then opens Ricky's cell to show the body to him. However, Dan and the other inmate find that Ricky has broken free from the chains, and Ricky kills the inmate by punching the top half of his head off and knocking out Dan's remaining eye with a well timed punch. As the guards rush to the scene, Ricky manages to punch through one of the guard metal shield and bullet proof vest, killing him. The inmates rebel and violently ambush Dan.
In the kitchen, Ricky, the prisoners, and Dan burst through the wall and the Warden shoots Dan with a homemade gas-pressured bullet, causing him to inflate and violently explode. Rogan and Brandon then confront Ricky one last time, which ends with Ricky gravely injuring Rogan, dismembering one of her legs while violently breaking her other leg, and tying both of her arms into a knot. Brandon, realizing Ricky is far too powerful for him, flees from the scene, but not before the Warden shoots and kills Brandon with another gas-pressured bullet. The Warden, revealing that he too, is a martial artist, transforms into a grotesque creature and battles Ricky. The fight quickly ends with Ricky crippling and throwing the mutated Warden into a meat grinder. In the finale, the prisoners rebel once again and start to attack the guards. Ricky then breaks the prison wall, allowing all the prisoners and himself to go free.