Amara Kaaviyam

The movie begins with Jeeva (Sathya) being taken to court, where he recalls his past. In 1989, at the beginning of his 12th standard, his friend Balaji (Ananth Nag) falls in love with Kartika (Miya) their classmate. Jeeva talks to Kartika on Balaji’s behalf but he is shocked to know that she is actually in love with him and not his friend. The next day he accepts her love and both grow close to each other. Jeeva's father died when he was young, and his mother married again. Once when Jeeva and Kartika are out they are caught by police and both their families are informed about this. Later, when Jeeva goes to apologize to Kartika's parents, he is hit by her father. In anger he sets their bike on fire. He is handed to the police but the court releases him and asks him to consult a psychiatrist. Meanwhile, Kartika's father applies for a transfer. They both promise that they won’t meet until their last exam. but on the last day she leaves without informing him directly but gives a letter to Balaji asking him to pass it on to Jeeva, but Balaji does not give the letter to him instead tries to convince Jeeva that Kartika doesn't love him anymore. Jeeva gets disturbed and is hospitalized; both try to meet each other but in vain. Finally Jeeva learns the whereabouts of Kartika, after lots of misunderstanding they finally meet. When he meets her he lands up in a fight with her friend. At last he again goes to her home and asks her if she still loves him. With no option to make him leave she says NO but later feels she should talk to him and marry him the way he asked her as a proof, but fate has other plans. The next day when she meets him, he stabs her before she can say anything and later realizes that she is still in love with him. He tries to save her but she dies in his arms. The scene returns to present where Jeeva escapes from police just to find Kartika's grave and weeps for his mistake. Then he runs and jumps off a cliff. The movie ends with Jeeva and Kartika united in heaven and their names on the bark of tree written by Jeeva when they first met.