Guzaarish

Ethan Mascarenhas (Hrithik Roshan) is a former magician who is a quadriplegic. He becomes the Radio Jockey of an FM Station called Radio Zindagi. His show spreads magic, hope, and laughter through his irrepressible wit and humor to every listener and caller, making it difficult to imagine that this is a man who has been immobilized with a spinal injury for the last fourteen years of his life. Sofia D'Souza (Aishwarya Rai) is his nurse who has been accompanying him for the past twelve years.
On the fourteenth anniversary of his accident, Ethan decides to file an appeal to the court for mercy killing. Ethan takes the help of his best friend and lawyer, Devyani Dutta (Shernaz Patel), to support his appeal. Devyani understands Ethan's appeal and agrees to his reasoning and decides to support him in his cause. Surprising everyone with her stance, Ethan's mother Isabel Mascarenhas (Nafisa Ali) also supports him in his petition, backing her son's demand. Ethan's physician Dr. Nayak (Suhel Seth) with whom he has consistently persuaded to retract his case, he finally relents to Ethan's appeal when he realizes that the friend in him is much stronger than the medic. In the meantime, a young man named Omar Siddiqui (Aditya Roy Kapur) enters Ethan's life to learn magic from him whom he considers to be the greatest of magicians. Impressed by his love for magic, Ethan agrees to pass on his legacy to Omar.
On the day of verdict Ethan's plea is rejected by the court, citing the legal code of the country cannot be violated in any circumstance. Ethan spends his time alone in his empty home when Sofia returns. She confesses to Ethan that she got the divorce and tells him that she will help with his mercy-killing, whatever the consequences be as Ethan means more to her. On hearing her words, Ethan realizes how much Sofia loves him. He proposes to her and Sofia agrees.
Ethan throws a farewell party for their friends and guests, where Ethan speaks about everyone who has meant very dear to him and finally tells everyone about his and Sofia's love. Ethan says that he will be dying a happy man with no regrets and the heart full of Sofia's love and bids all goodbye. At these words, all the guests, come to his couch and hug him, with Ethan laughing heartily.