Jeevana Tarangalu

Venu Gopala Rao (Gummadi) and Savitri (Sriranjani) are a couple and they have two children Roja (Vanisree) and Chandu (Krishnam Raju). But unfortunately, Venu Gopala Rao has an affair with another woman and leaves his family and children to marry her. He has two children from the second wife namely Lavanya (Lakshmi) and a polio affected younger daughter. Savitri faces lot of insults from her brother and sister in law (Raavi Kondala Rao, Suryakantham) and lives with them because of no shelter. Roja teaches music and Chandu is a spoiled brat who joins a theft group with an alias name James. Meanwhile, Venu Gopala Rao’s sister (Shantakumari) is a rich woman and her step son Vijay (Shobhan Babu) is a lawyer by profession and a responsible citizen at heart. Her own son Ananth (Chandramohan) is a laid back person. Though he is good natured, he lacks responsibility. Venu Gopala Rao’s sister bestows Ananth’s responsibility on Vijay and also gives him her property.
As a result, Vijay looks after Ananth with utmost care and affection. Ananth meets Roja in a party once and the latter treats him more like a brother. But Ananth mistakes her affections to be something else. Meanwhile, Vijay decides Ananth to get married to Venu Gopala Rao’s daughter Lavanya. This marriage isn’t liked by either Ananth or Lavanya. Lavanya is an ultra modern woman who is into clubs and promiscuity. She doesn’t bother her father also in this regard. Ananth requests Roja to help her to come out of this marriage plan because his brother insists for the same. Roja helps Ananth out of friendship and writes a fake letter without any name mentioned. But because of this she gets into deep trouble. Ananth mistakes Roja’s help as love and plans to marry her in secret. Vijay who always objected the friendship between Ananth and Roja marries an unconscious Roja in dramatic circumstances. Roja’s life gets miserable and incidentally she joins as a nanny in Venu Gopala Rao’s house unaware that they are daughter- father respectively. She faces trouble seeing Vijay who often comes to their house. Rest of the film deals with how Vijay helps Roja out of four different problems- Forcible Marriage, her brother Chandu who is into robberies, Lavanya who hates her, and her bedridden mother.