Beeba Boys

Jeet Johar, is a ruthless Indo-Canadian gangster living in Vancouver, B.C. He and his gang take on the ironic name of "Beeba" (which means good) boys and dress in stylish colourful suits. Jeet is irreverent, picking a feud with the much older Robbie Grewal, who deals in drugs and weapon smuggling. He shoots Lucky, a man who works for Grewal, for selling drugs on his turf. As a result, Jeet is arrested and forced to stand trial for Lucky's murder.
While in prison Jeet meets Nep, a failed wannabe kidnapper who ingratiates himself to Jeet by beating up some white supremacists. Jeet also becomes attracted to a blonde juror serving on his trial. He is eventually declared not guilty of the crime of Lucky's murder. Out of prison he introduces himself to Katya Drobot, the blonde juror, and immediately installs her in a penthouse in a hotel he owns. He also has his crew contact Nep and tells him that in order to gain his favour he must do something to anger Grewal. Unsure of what to do Nep contacts Grewal, whom he is secretly working for, planning to double-cross Jeet. Grewal suggests that Nep kidnap his daughter, Choti. Choti goes along with the plan, Jeet is impressed and Nep officially becomes a Beeba Boy.
For a while things run smoothly, however Jeet becomes cocky and hijacks some of Grewal's merchandise and then attempts to kill Grewal. Nep, aware of the plan, is able to warn Grewal in time to save his life. However this casts suspicion that there is a mole inside Jeet's roster. Manny, one of Jeet's Beeba Boys, takes Nep with him to shake down one of Grewal's men. The man easily gives up Nep as the mole but then shoots Manny and lights him on fire. As Jeet is trying to figure out how members of his gang keep being murdered Katya inadvertently reveals that Nep was with Manny when he died. Jeet takes Nep for a drive, intending to kill him, but they are pulled over by the police and Nep takes the blame for Jeet's illegal gun.
More and more men from Jeet's organization are murdered. They retaliate by killing more of Grewal's men, but both parties end up wounded. The apartment where Katya is staying is eventually raided, as it is unprotected, and Katya is murdered. Unsure of what to do Jeet listens to his mother's suggestion that perhaps it would be best for the family to return to India.
Before going Jeet asks Nep to meet him at a nightclub. Nep goes to the club and the two have a conversation where Nep reveals that he was in fact not working for Grewal but was part of an undercover sting operation to take down Grewal who then asked him to go undercover to take down Jeet to prove his loyalty. Nep tells Jeet that he has wire taps of Jeet talking about his crimes but no recordings of Grewal ordering him to kill Jeet as he uses intermediaries.
Loud gunshots are heard in the club and everyone flees. Nep runs to Grewal's waiting car and tells him that he has killed Jeet. Grewal then shoots Nep and pushes him out of his car intending to tie up loose ends. As he pushes Nep out of the car, Jeet jumps in, revealing that Nep never shot him. He tells Grewal that Nep was an undercover cop and the best they can do is to turn themselves in. Surrounded by the police Grewal allows Jeet and his daughter to exit the car to surrender themselves. However unable to face the possibility of going to jail for his crimes he exits the car and shoots Jeet, killing him, and is himself killed by the police.