The Big Boss

Cheng Chao-an (Bruce Lee) is a Chinese man from mainland China who moves to Thailand to live with his adopted family and work in an ice factory. He meets his cousin Hsu Chien (James Tien) and Hsu's younger brother by accident when Hsu Chien stands up to local street thugs - Cheng refrains from getting involved as he swore to his mother he would resist participating in any fighting; he wears a jade amulet around his neck as a reminder of his pledge.
Cheng begins work at the ice factory. When a block of ice is accidentally broken, a bag of white powder falls out. Two of Cheng's cousins pick up the bag, and are asked to see the manager later that night. The factory is really a front for a drug smuggling ring led by Hsiao Mi, also known as the Big Boss. When Cheng's cousins refuse the bribe, they are killed and their bodies disposed of.
Hsu Chien and another cousin go to Hsiao's compound to find out what happened to the two cousins. Hsu doubts Hsiao's claims that he does not know what happened to them and threatens to go to the police. The duo subsequently tries to fight off Hsiao Chiun's gang and are soon killed. When the workers at the ice factory learn that Hsu is missing as well, they start to riot which ends in a brawl with the hired thugs. During this brawl, one of the thugs accidentally rips off Cheng's amulet. This causes Cheng, in a fit of rage, to jump into the brawl and beat down some of the thugs resulting in them leaving abruptly.
To ease tensions, the ice factory manager makes Cheng a foreman, inviting him to a dinner later that night. This would later cause much unease and tension with Cheng's family and friends who believe that Cheng is growing big-headed because of his elevated position and spending more time basking in the position's glory than helping to look for their brothers. This results in them growing to resent him all except Chaio Mei who stands up for him.
Cheng gets drunk at the dinner party and is seduced by Sun Wu Man, one of the prostitutes. She later warns Cheng that his life is in danger, and that Hsiao Mi is running a drug trafficking operation. Immediately after Cheng leaves, Hsiao's son, Hsiao Chiun, sneaks in and kills Sun by throwing a knife at her heart. Cheng breaks into the factory and finds the bodies of his cousins as well as the body of Sun. He is discovered by Hsaio Chiun and a group of Hsaio Chiun's men. Cheng fights his way out, killing Hsiao Chiun and many gangsters in the process.
He returns home to find that his remaining family members have been murdered, while Chiao Mei has gone missing. Cheng mourns at a nearby river, where he resolves to get his vengeance even at the cost of his own life. To this end, Cheng returns to the brothel, where he indulges in final pleasures with another prostitute. Cheng subsequently exacts revenge by crashing the mansion to fight Hsiao Mi and his men; meanwhile one of Hisao Mi's disgruntled slaves sneaks out and frees Chaio Mei, who was being held hostage by Hsaio Mi in a different compound, who in turn runs to get help from the Thai police. Cheng meanwhile finally manages to kill Hsaio Mi after a lengthy and evenly matched fight. Once he knows that Chiao Mei is safe, he surrenders to the Thai police when they arrive at Hsiao's house.