Kuttram 23

The story starts with Jessica (Misha Ghoshal) confessing her sins to a priest at the St. Thomas Church in the outskirts of Chennai. The priest is then murdered while Jessica is abducted.
In the city, Assistant Commissioner Vetrimaaran (Arun Vijay) is celebrating his elder brother, Aravind (Amit Bharghav) and sister-in-law, Abhinaya's (Abhinaya) wedding anniversary. Everyone in the family is happy, except for Vetri's mother who berates Abhinaya for not bearing her a grandchild, despite many years of marriage life. However, after undergoing treatment by a famous fertility specialist, Dr. Tulsi (Kalyani Natarajan), Abhinaya finally becomes pregnant. While the rest of his family are in a celebratory mode, Vetri notices Abhinaya being moody most of the time.
Meanwhile, Vetri is put in charge of Jessica case assisted by Thirupathi (Thambi Ramaiah). Vetri suspects there is a connection between priest's murder and Jessica's disappearance. They visit Thendral (Mahima Nambiar), a teacher at the local preschool, who was the first witness to the corpse of the dead father. Thendral's family move out of the city's outskirts and unknowingly into the apartment right opposite Vetri's home. Only then does Vetri realize that her family is finding a groom for her and people will start questioning her morals if the police keeps on visiting her. Eventually, Thendral reveals that she saw two cars that day outside the church; one belonging to Jessica, and another black minivan driven by a group of mysterious young men.
Thendral is attacked by a group of thugs driving a similar minivan. She is saved by Vetri. After this incident, Vetri and Thendral start dating and fall in love. At around the same time, Jessica's body is found at a landfill site and it is revealed that she was pregnant at the time of her murder. Her husband, the director of a leading TV channel, simply claims that they have only recently tried to conceive.
Vetri's investigation soon leads them to a petrol station close to the church. The security cameras captured the men in the black minivan. At the same time, Thendral notices that the men are outside her apartment. She phones Vetri, who instructs her to shut all the doors and stay indoors. When Vetri shows up, the men have gone. When he goes home, he finds that his sister-in-law has hanged herself to death. The police concludes that Abhinaya committed suicide since there was no sign of intrusion. At her funeral, Abhinaya's mother reveals that she had asked her father for five million rupees a few days before. Thendral reveals that one of her doctor friends treated Aravind and Abhinaya and that Aravind is infertile, leading Thendral to theorize that Abhinaya might have been unfaithful.
While looking through his sister-in-law's postmortem report, Vetri realizes that her body contained traces of Clomiphene similar to Jessica's body. After talking to the coroner, Vetri learns there is a third young woman who matches this pattern. Realizing that Aravind might be hiding something, Vetri confronts his brother, when he and his wife had opted for an artificial insemination using his own sperm. Vetri then visits Dr. Tulsi at her hospital and sees on enquiry, he realizes that she is hiding something. He requests for all the files on patients who have underwent artificial insemination at the hospital. He also notices that Kousalya(Neelima Rani), a famous TV artist gets treated successfully in that hospital. While studying the files, Vetri realizes the documents on artificial insemination patients had an unusual watermark with the number 23 on them.
The following day, Vetri visits Kousalya and her husband to question them on whether they have been blackmailed recently. Although the couple deny everything, Vetri asks his team to tap their phones, especially income calls. True enough, Kousalya receives a call instructing her to pay a huge sum of money in exchange for not revealing information that might destroy her career. Vetri and his team shadow the young couple the next day. Kousalya and her husband are seen withdrawing money from a bank and driving through a busy street. Just then, a young man covering his face forcefully enters their car and takes the money. By the time Vetri catches up with them, the man has escaped. However, Vetri's men had placed a tracker on the bag containing the money.
Vetri easily tracks the man to his apartment and manages to overpower the criminal to interrogate him. He reveals that he is Gaurav (Aravind Akash) and is part of a gang that has been blackmailing several women in the city who have legally undergone artificial insemination at Dr. Tulsi's hospital. One of their first victims was Jessica, who is an ardent cricket fan. She had hired Gaurav's gang to get hold of her favourite cricket player's sperm in order to conceive his child. However, she soon felt guilty. Feeling that they might get caught, Gaurav killed her and the priest who heard her confession. Next was the politician's daughter-in-law who slit her own wrists at her baby shower. Her husband was infertile and her father-in-law arranged for her to be inseminated with his own sperm.
Finally, there was Abhinaya, who learned from Gaurav's partner, John (Vamsi Krishna) that Dr. Tulsi lied about using Aravind's sperm and instead inseminated her with someone else's sperm. John then blackmails Abhinaya for the fifty lakh rupees, or else he will expose the truth and bring shame upon her family. Abhinaya finally goes back to Dr. Tulsi to get an abortion. When Gaurav's gang learns about this, they came to Vetri's house that day when Thendral saw them and killed Abhinaya. They then arranged for it to look like a suicide. Once Gaurav was done confessing, Vetri kills him in a fit of anger.
As Vetri and his men head over to the hospital to arrest Dr. Tulsi, he suddenly remembers how a few years ago, a man named John reported his wife had gone missing. John was upset that his wife did not want to bear his children and instead wanted an artificial insemination with a much more superior male. A few days later, she was found dead. Since then, John had gone missing. Vetri had one of his men look into John's disappearance. Meanwhile, the same John is shown to be working as a lab assistant at Dr. Tulsi's sperm bank. He was the one who has been manipulating the donor's records and passing on the information to Gaurav. When Dr. Tulsi and her husband threaten to have him exposed, he swiftly kills them and leaves. On his way out, he bumps into Vetri.
Later that night, Vetri gets a call from John who has abducted Thendral. Vetri manages to track John down and saves Thendral. However, John is a trained fighter and beats up Vetri. John reveals that he arranged for Abhinaya to be inseminated with his own sperm. When he learned that she was planning an abortion, he could not accept it and had Gaurav kill her. While John is ranting, Vetri manages to overpowers him, and killing him. The film ends with Vetri and Thendral discussing about the misuse of medical advancements in people and the importance of adopting orphans.