Mister

The movie initially starts off in Spain at chey's(Varun Tej) lavish home.The movie starts off with Rahul vadayar(Nikitin Dheer) finds a new hide out for his forest smuggling business to take over control on the forest he gives a hand to gundappa naidu (thanikella bharani) who is dreaming to take over power from Pichayya Naidu (Nassar) who resides at a village in the midst of Andhra-karnataka border, requesting his son K.J.Rao (anand) to send his grandson to India and chey rejecting their parent's proposal of him going to India and that he hates his grandfather because his first mother was died through an accident because of him.
Later he is sent to the airport to receive his cousin Priya whom he has not met before. Amidst a confusion at the airport, chey instead receives Meera (Hebah Patel) and falls for her at the first sight, and brings her to his home. Later, when he reaches home, he realizes it is Meera, not Priya. Meera reveals that she has to be received at the airport from someone who works as a Museum coordinator at Spain and that she could not contact them as she has lost her phone and that she will be here for five days.The duo starts visiting all museums, and when chey finds the Museum coordinator, he manages him to convince Meera to stay at chey's home.
When chey's mother realizes his love towards Meera, she encourages him to express his love. Meera and chey meet at Meera's best friend Andy's headstone where she reveals that she is in love with Siddharth (Prince Cecil), who is very much like chey, that does everything for the family. chey treasures Meera as his first love, and not revealing that he is in love with Meera, sends her off at the airport to India.Some days later, chey receives a call from Meera, revealing that Siddharth has cheated her. chey then decides to leave for India when his parents suggest him to visit his grandfather and they secretly hope for Meera to come back to him.
The setting changes to India, where chey visits Siddharth and gets to know that Meera's brother muthappa gouda (Harish Uthaman) threatened Siddharth and his family to marry him off to another girl and that gouda's men are at his house and though he loves Meera very much, he is helpless. chey convinces Siddharth and his family to escape and promises him to bring Meera along.Later, he visits Meera's place and explains her Siddharth's position and escapes with her.
On their way to meet Siddharth, the duo encounter chandramukhi (Lavanya Tripathi), who is the daughter of Sri veera narasimha rayalu (Murali Sharma) who belongs to king Sri Krishna Devaraya's dynasty, who runs a private government. she escapes from her marriage arranged Rahul vadayar who is also belongs to other royal family later it reveals that he is the son of Hajarappa (nagineedu) who is a trusted aid of rayalu and dhewan of their palace. who is very vicious and vengeful against the rayalu because he killed his first son on Hajarappa's hands on a punishment for molesting a girl. later chandramukhi knows about Rahuls character and she escapes from the palace. Goons start attacking her suddenly, when chey saves her and she eventually falls in love with him. It is later revealed in flashback that,chandramukhi has been house arrested since she was a young girl by her father and that he deeply bases all his actions based on words of Swamiji who in turn is controlled by Hajarappa.
The trio meet Siddharth as promised, however they are attacked by rayalu's men and are brought to palace. chey and Meera are treated very well at the palace and the two get elated.During their days at palace, Meera slowly falls for chey.Later, chandramukhi asks chey to escape as they will be sacrificed very soon. During the day of sacrifice, chandramukhi's brother Bhukkaraya (Bharat) notices a Rudraksha shaped mole on chey's lower back and reveals that chandramukhi's life is destined with chey and they both are set to marry as Swamiji has mentioned.
This makes Hajarappa angry and he send men to kill chey.The three along with Bhukkaraya escape to chey's grandpas home. Later it is revealed by pichayya naidu's brother (Chandra mohan) revealed that in the accident which is happened by chey's father then pichayya naidu takes blame on him in front of chey because chey don't want to hate his father. Finally, chey unites with his grandpa.However, it is later revealed that, chey does not really have a mole and this plan has been hatched by Bhukkaraya and his mom (satya krishna), to save chey and marry off chandramukhi to chey. On hearing this, Meera expresses her love to chey, fearing that she might lose him to chandramukhi. Later meera tells her story to chandramukhi. After hereing her story chandramukhi with a broken heart accepts her love and decides to left chey. But, chey convinces Meera that Siddharth loves her as much, and that he really loves chandramukhi. Then a fight arouse between Hajarappa and pichayya naidu in the process chandramukhi kills Hajarappa by the way all the facts were known to rayalu. Meanwhile in the challange day (Rahul vadayar challenges pichayya naidu in a dual for the support of gundappa naidu to take over power from him) Chey enters on behalf of pichayya naidu reveals that his full name is pichayya naidu. In the dual with Rahul, chey bashes him to death.
Finally, Meera marries Siddharth with the consent of muthappa and chey marries Chandramukhi, with their all families united.