Babu Bangaram

ACP Krishna (Venkatesh) who is a kind-hearted man who has a lot of empathy even towards criminals. Sailaja (Nayanthara) is the daughter of an accused person Sastry (Jaya Prakash) for a murder, wanted by the police and hiding somewhere. Sailaja runs her family with a catering business and struggling for her 4 sisters and grandmother (Shavukar Janaki) on one side and on another side she is facing an existential threat from Mallesh Yadav (Sampath Raj) a big goon who is a henchman of MLA Puchappa (Posani Krishna Murali) who are after Sastry. One more thing that suffers her is Bathayi Babji (Pruthvi) her maternal uncle’s son who tortures her every day to marry him.
Once Krishna meets Sailaja when she is in sorrow mood and the sympathy inside him works out and falls in love with her at first sight itself. Afterward, he comes to know regarding her problems and Sailaja hates the police. So he hides his identity, targets Bathayi Babji, traps him with some comic tricks, introduces himself to Sailaja as a common man with Babji's help and starts helping her & family. In this process, they develop a bond and Sailaja also starts loving him. But Krishna’s real agenda is completely different. He has been appointed by Commissioner (Murali Sharma) to catch Sailaja father Sastry. That’s why he had made this entire plan.
Meanwhile, Sailaja’s grandmother collapses with the heart attack and she wants to see her son Sastry, Krishna forces Sailaja to call her father, by giving an assurance he makes her do so. But his actual motive is to catch him. Sastry visits to the hospital when Krishna tries to arrest he listens to the good impression that Sailaja & family having on him, so he is not able to arrest him but suddenly a C.I. (Brahmaji) assistant to Krishna enters the scene and surrounds Sastry and reveals the entire truth regarding Krishna. Sastry escapes from there but he is suddenly attacked by goons of MLA Puchappa & Mallesh Yadav and he is seriously injured and goes into the coma, Krishna protects him and joins in the hospital. But when Sailaja comes to know the real motive of Krishna, she starts hating him and asks him to never show his face, things get upset between the couple and they break up with each other.
Then onward Krishna starts a serious investigation to explore the hidden truth in which he comes to know Sastry is an income tax officer, in a raid at MLA Puchappa’s house he and his superior officer gets a pen drive which contains life secrets of MLA Puchappa & Mallesh Yadav. The superior officer tries make a deal with Mallesh Yadav. Knowing this Sastry keeps the pen drive under wrap. So they kill the superior officer put the blame on Sastry and for the pen drive, they are behind his family. Rest of the story is all about how Krishna protects Sailaja’s family, proves her father’s innocence, catches the culprits and gets back his love.