Nerrukku Ner

The story starts off with Raghu (Raghuvaran), a passport issuing officer, and his wife Shanthi (Shanthi Krishna), who live in Chennai. Raghu, being an honest guy, tells Shanthi that he cheated on her with a co-worker when he was in Goa. She immediately leaves for her mother's house. Raghu, being a transformed gentleman, tries to stop her by apologizing, but in vain. Raghu's brother Vijay (Vijay), being a good and supportive brother, and Shanthi's brother Suriya (Suriya), being a non-emotive but supporting brother, meet in a cinema theatre. Vijay, being a righteous brother, blames Shanthi to be the cause of the problem, and Suriya blames Raghu for the same. They keep on fighting at every chance. Meanwhile, both Vijay and Suriya find their own girlfriends and fall in love. One day Raghu finds a bundle of cash on his table and meets Muthukumaraswamy (Karan), the person who kept the money there. Raghu finds out that Muthukumaraswamy is an MLA, wanted by the police. Muthukumaraswamy wants to leave the country to escape from the police, and he needs a fake passport for flee the country, otherwise, the police will catch him. Since his passport is confiscated by the police, he tells Raghu to get one for him, but Raghu, being a sincere officer, disagrees and calls the police instead. Muthukumaraswamy gets angry and promises to avenge Raghu. Meanwhile, Raghu and Shanthi apply for a divorce according to the Hindu Law of Divorce.
Child custody of their daughter Sona (Jennifer), who was in Shanthi's sister's house when the breakup occurred, is given to the mother by the court. One day Suriya takes Sona to a fair and somehow loses her. In the confusion that follows, Sona falls from a Ferris wheel and is taken to the hospital by Vijay. She is brought to Raghu's house, once she recovers. Soon Vijay discovers that Sona has lost her hearing in the accident. Some days later Suriya finds that Sona is missing. Suriya finds Vijay and the two get into a huge punch fight, then Raghu tells everyone that Sona is in his sister's house. Since Sona's custody is given to the mother, this action of Raghu's is wrong in the eyes of law.
So Shanthi and Suriya, accompanied by a lawyer, come to Raghu's house to get Sona back. At that time, Raghu suffers a serious asthma attack, while in the bathroom, and everyone saves him. After recovering, Raghu tells that Sona is not in his sister's house, but has been kidnapped by Muthukumaraswamy, who is out on bail. In the turn of events, Raghu issues a fake passport to Muthukumaraswamy, but he doesn't want him to escape from the police. The two heroes join hands, and make sure this doesn't happen. They save Sona, who is with Muthukumaraswamy's wife and brother-in-law (Ajay Rathnam) in a van. Finally, the Chennai Deputy Commissioner of Police Kanthaswamy (Prakash Rai) arrests Muthukumaraswamy, and the movie ends with Vijay and Surya becoming best friends again after long time and reconciling with their ladyhands, and also Raghu and Shanthi embrace each other with Sona. It was declared as one of the Super Hit Tamil Films of 1997, after Love Today and Once More.