Santosh Subramaniam

Subramaniam is a rich businessman managing his own construction company. He lives with his wife Shanthi and sons Sanjay and Santosh. Subramaniam cares for his family a lot and excessively dotes upon his children. Santosh, the younger son, does not like this as he wants to be independent and free from his father’s guidance and control. But Santosh acts normally to avoid hurting his father. Santosh has in mind that both his career and wife should be of his choice only and not of his father. Subramaniam wants Santosh to assist him in managing the company but Santosh dreams of starting a new company on his own and does not prefer to work in his father’s company. Meanwhile, Subramaniam arranges Santosh’s wedding with Rajeshwari, daughter of his friend Ramamoorthy. Santosh is shocked as he has no other option rather than agreeing for this wedding.
One day, Santosh meets Hasini, a college student and is immediately attracted seeing her childish attitude and jovial nature. Santosh slowly befriends Hasini and both fall in love, but he does not have the courage to inform about his love to his father. Santosh gets spotted along with Hasini by Subramaniam and now he reveals his love affair. Subramaniam is furious upon hearing this as Santosh is already engaged to Rajeshwari. Subramaniam asks Santosh to bring Hasini to his home and make her stay with them for a week so that he will make Santosh understand that Rajeshwari is the better bride for him. Santosh agrees, believing that Hasini will impress Subramaniam. Hasini lies to her father Govindan that she is going for a college trip and leaves for Santosh’s home.
Everyone at Subramaniam’s home view Hasini indifferently seeing her talkative nature compared to Subramaniam’s family members who are more mature and not so talkative, especially Subramaniam. Santosh asks Hasini to try impressing his family members, fearing Subramaniam might not accept for the wedding. Slowly, Hasini starts befriending Santosh’s mother and sisters and gets close with them. Hasini informs them about Santosh’s behaviours such as alcohol consumption, going out at night to meet her, and his plans of getting a bank loan to start his own company which were not known to Santosh’s family before.
Santosh is shocked knowing that Hasini has revealed all his mischievous activities and berates her often for being childish. Hasini worries and decides to leave Santosh’s home even before the one-week time given to her. She apologises to everyone in Santosh’s home and says that she is not the one fit for him and his family. Santosh is worried seeing this but has no option rather than staying calm as even Subramaniam did not like Hasini.
The next day, an argument erupts between Santosh and Subramaniam during which the former becomes emotional and shouts that he has lost so many small things in life because of Subramaniam. But he preferred to stay calm as he does not want to hurt his father. Subramaniam realises his mistake and apologises to everyone saying that he always wanted to take care of his family members so well but had never thought that they are sacrificing a lot to make him happy.
Santosh meets Rajeshwari and apologises to her. He also makes her understand his situation. Rajeshwari convinces Ramamoorthy that she will get a better groom than Santosh. Meanwhile, Subramaniam goes to meet Hasini and apologises to her. Hasini says that her father is angry on her for lying and she will have to obey her father now. But Govindan does not like Santosh as he has seen him before drinking with his friends in road. Subramaniam says that he will send Santosh to Govindan’s home for a week so that he will better understand his character. After numerous incidents between Govindan and Santosh, the former finally agrees for Santosh and Hasini's wedding.