Wreckers

A married couple, David (Benedict Cumberbatch) and Dawn (Claire Foy) moves back to David's childhood village and they are rebuilding a house. They meet a doctor, trying for a child. David's younger brother, Nick (Shaun Evans) who was not in touch, comes back from the army and pays them a visit. Slowly, the bits of their messy childhood are unravelled.
They meet their childhood neighbors Gary (Peter McDonald) and Sharon (Sinead Matthews) who are now married. They recall their childhood memories and Dawn comes to know some unexpected things. She also learns from a old teacher of them that their father used to beat them. Day by day, Nick shows himself as a troubled man, specially with the experience during the war. Dawn reaches out to comfort him but it spites David who is tired of taking care of him and says that he can't be helped. He grows more and more jealous of the attachment between Nick and Dawn. Nick's mental illness get worse, finally he decides to leave them and go back to the army.
Dawn meets Gary in the church where they attend a choir and he shows interest in her. They have a picnic where Dawn secretly sees Nick and Sharon having sex in the garden. While returning from a function in the church, Gary tries to kiss Dawn but she refuses. While consulting a doctor, David admits that he's unable to father a child. This leaves Dawn shocked and upset and they have a fight. David is horrified thinking that Dawn might leave him.
Gary visits Dawn at their home the next morning. Dawn tries to avoid him by pretending she's not home but eventually they end up having sex. Later, being horribly guilty, David apologizes to Dawn who is heavy with guilt herself. They reconcile, David realizes how much she wants the child and says he wants her to be happy.
They meet their friends for a barbeque before Nick is leaving where David, Nick and Gary gets into a fight, again revealing more of their childhood troubles. After some time since Nick has left, David receives a call which says that Nick has been gone Absent Without Official Leave. Dawn goes looking for him at their childhood house and finds him there, much troubled. He tells her that David used to look after him as their father was abusive but he kind of owned him. He claims that David loves him but Dawn says that's not love. That David hates him. She tells him to leave them alone if he truly loves his brother.
At that night she goes back to the old house to give Nick some money but finds the place empty. She returns home being sick with pregnancy and faints. She wakes up in a hospital, finding David beside her bed, filled with remorse about how he's treated her and kept secrets. He tells her to keep the baby, knowing that he cannot give her what she wants, probably taking it for his brother's child.
Later the couple is seen as a happy family with a baby boy. David is raising him with Dawn as his own. In the final scene, they run into Gary and Sharon in a park. With Gary holding the boy, suddenly David realizes that he is actually the father. But after they leave, David keeps walking saying nothing, only holding the baby closer.