War and Love

The film begins with Major Rajendran (Suresh Krishna) being killed by the Pakistani terrorists in the Indo-Pak border and the war between India and Pakistan begins. Pakistani Army led by General Jaffer Khan (Mukesh Rishi) sends a battalion to capture a village on the Indian side of the Line of Control. Indian Army Brigadier Nayar (Captain Raju) sends the Madras Regiment to recapture the village. Madras Regiment contains Lt.Col Sharath Chandran (Prabhu), Captain Gopinath (Dileep), Major Prabhakar (Saikumar), Captain Kabir (Siddique), Captain Vijayan (Vijayaraghavan), Havildar Kurian (Jagadish), Private Basheer (Kalabhavan Mani), Naik Haneefa, Havildar Prashanthan, Naik Kunjunni (Machan Varghese), Captain Hema (Indraja) and Private Shankar. They recapture the village after a fierce gun battle that kill all the Pakistani soldiers. But, Prabhakar and Kunjunni die during this battle. Jaffer Khan is angered by this defeat and hatch a plan to capture the entire Madrasi Regiment alive. He calls Colonel Mushtaq Muhammad, an ISI agent in the Indian Army and pays him 5 crores rupees for capturing the Madras Regiment.
Mushtaq Muhammad hatch a plan in which all of the Madras Regiment except, Gopinath and Vijayan were captured. Gopi kills Mushtaq, but is captured by the Pakistanis. All the Prisoners of War are sent to a Pakistani camp, where they get tourtured. They are forced to work like slaves. Kabir, Haneefa, Kurian and Hema (Sharath's love interest) are killed by the Pakis. Meanwhile notorious Pakistani terrorist leader Mansoor Akthar arrive in the camp. Jaffer Khan's daughter beautiful Serina (Laila) also arrive there. She was about to be raped by Mansoor, but Gopi kills him by dropping a big rock on the terrorist's head. Serina falls in love with Gopi while he decides to use it to save his country. Serina knows Malayalam since Jaffer Khan's father migrated from Malappuram to Pakistan during the Partition. Meanwhile, Captain Vijayan has infiltrated the Pak military and gets information that Pakistan is going to use nuclear weapons in the wake of a lost war with India. Gopi with the help of Serina gets access to the defusing codes of the missile. The climax is fully war between Indian POWs freed by Vijayan and Pak army-terrorists. Finally, the nuclear bomb is defused by Gopi and entire Pak army is killed. Jaffer Khan is killed by Sharath, who also dies due to injuries. Entire Pak camp is blown up and only Gopi, Serina and Vijayan survive the holocaust. India wins the war and Gopi is given Param Vir Chakra on his return to India. Gopi marries Serina. Movie ends with Serina chanting 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai'.