Idi Katha Kaadu

The movie revolves around the trials and tribulations of Suhasini (Jayasudha). Suhasini is a happy-go-lucky girl head-over-heels in love with her boyfriend Bharani (Sarath Babu). Her life changes when her father gets transferred to Mumbai (then Bombay). Her love life falls apart as Bharani doesn’t respond to any of her letters. In addition, her father becomes seriously ill. Her father’s office colleague, Sugunakar Rao (Chiranjeevi), becomes a great source of strength for her in these tough times. Soon, he asks for her hand in marriage. She accepts gratefully and confesses that she had a boyfriend, who has seemingly forgotten her.
However, she soon realizes the truth about Sugunakar Rao. He is a sadistic and jealous husband, who tortures her no end and, not unsurprisingly, she opts for a divorce. As a divorced woman, with an infant in her hands, she lands in Chennai (then Madras) to take up a new job and start a new life.
Her life takes a turn for the better in Chennai as she has a very supportive friend group in her office, particularly a widower, Janardhan aka Johnny (Kamal Hassan). Johnny, a talented ventriloquist who "talks" through his puppet, Junior. He falls in love with Suhasini but is unable to muster up the courage to tell her about it.
In an interesting cinematic twist, her ex-husband’s mother discovers her presence in the city and takes up a job as a maid in her house.
Suhasini also stumbles upon Bharani in Chennai and discovers that her letters to him never reached as they were intercepted by his mentally-challenged sister. Soon, Suhasini renews her relationship with Bharani and life seems to be looking up for her. But the ghosts of the past continue to haunt her. Sugunakar Rao comes to Chennai in the role of her boss – a contrite and repentant Sugunakar, who now wants to re-marry Suhasini and redress the wrongs he had done. The situation becomes piquant with 3 men vying for Suhasini – her ex-love, her ex-husband and a silent lover lurking on the sidelines. Later part of the movie suhasini realises that sugunakar is just trying to destroy her life and bharani too is now interested in other girl due to her inability to take a decision about their marriage. In the end she decides to shift to different city to start a new life and johnny helps her in that and says that he is always waiting for her. Her Mother-in-law too accompanies her to look after her grandson and thus they plan to start a new life.