Aatha Un Koyilile

Pandi (Ravi Rahul) is a shy young man, he is the son of the bigwig of the village Azhagarsamy (K. Prabhakaran). Pandi slowly falls in love with the lovely village girl Eawari (Vinodhini). In contrary of him, Eawari is from a poor family. When the village blacksmith Marudhu (Selva) comes to know about their love affair, Marudhu warns Pandi about the dark side of Azhagarsamy.
In the past, Kasthuri (Kasthuri), Kasthuri's parents (M. N. Rajam and T. K. S. Chandran) and Ramaiah (Vinu Chakravarthy) lived together in their big house. Maruthu worked in their house and he had a lot of respect for Kasthuri. But when Durairasu (K. S. Selvaraj), Kasthuri's cousin, entered their home in order to get married with Kasthuri, the problems started. Kasthuri's father halfheartedly accepts for the marriage as per the village custom, despite knowing that Durairasu was a bad person. Kasthuri refused for the marriage and she wanted to get married with Maruthu who was from another caste. Kasthuri's family accepted her wish, and she got married with Marudhu. At the village court, the village heads didn't accept the marriage because of the caste difference, Azhagarsamy forced Kasthuri's father to kill his daughter for the village honour. Later that night, Kasthuri's father fed Kasthuri a meal which he had poisoned himself. Marudhu came to save her but Durairasu and his henchmen stopped him, he beat them all, but it was too late, Kasthuri died on Marudhu's knees.
Pandi loses hope to get married with his love interest Easwari and the lovers decide to commit suicide. The villagers intervene at time, and Azhagarsamy surprisingly accepts for the marriage in front of the villagers. Later, Azhagarsamy forces Kaliappan to poison his daughter Easwari. Marudhu comes at time to save her, and he encourages Ramaiah to fight against the caste fanatic Azhagarsamy. Pandi and Easwari then get married. Easwari's father Ramaiah, Kasthuri's father, Kasthuri's uncle Kaliappan and Marudhu join hand to destroy Azhagarsamy, and they force Azhagarsamy to drink poison for his crimes.