Race Gurram

Ram (Shaam) and Lakshman aka Lucky (Allu Arjun) are brothers and are polar opposites in nature. While the former is an Assistant Commissioner of Police trying to put factionist turned politician Shiva Reddy (Ravi Kishan) behind the bars, Lucky is a happy-go-lucky guy aiming for a visa to the US and is seen connected to a tea-shop owner (M. S. Narayana). Lucky's mother wishes to see Ram and Lucky united. Shiva Reddy kills Sameer, a sincere ACP as equal to Ram and Ram's best friend. Sameer's father (Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao) wants to stop Shiva Reddy from contesting in the elections and eventually get him arrested. Lucky falls for Spandana (Shruti Haasan), a very stoic person who shows little emotion as taught by her father, Bheem Prakash (Prakash Raj) who believes that one can control the world if he can control his emotions. After meeting Lucky on a regular basis, she turns expressive and reciprocates his love. Ram comes to know this and informs Prakash that Lucky is fit for nothing and is useless thus making Prakash reject him.Ram and Lucky starts fighting for this, Lucky gets slapped by his mother and this infuriates him. He decide to destroy Ram's life. On the next day, while taking proofs against Shiva Reddy to stop him from giving nomination, his jeep get stolen by Lucky and his friends. While on travelling in jeep after dropping his friends in front of a junction, he is attacked by Shiva Reddy's henchmen on intension to kill Ram as told by Shiva Reddy. He becomes furious and fatally attacks Shiva Reddy. He comes to know that Ram is a sincere police officer and starts to respect him fulfilling his mother's wish, which Ram reciprocates.
To divert Ram's attention from the jeep theft case, he and Spandana decide to get him married to his lover Shweta (Saloni Aswani) who broke up with Ram due to Lucky's mischief by giving rose flows and saying I Love You. After turning a Member of Legislative Council, Shiva Reddy goes on to become a minister and decides to take revenge on Lucky’s family. First Ram is defamed in the public by a women who is hired by Shiva Reddy to get him out of his Police job, their legally built house is demolished and someone informs Ram and Sameer's father that Lucky stole the jeep. Ram beats up Lucky in full public view, accuses him of giving love to the family to cover up his mistake, and throws him out of the family, telling him to never return, at which point his mother suffers a heart attack.
Lucky is attacked by Shiva Reddy, who gloats to him about his power and how Lucky's "attitude" will always keep the useless wastrel he is. Lucky escapes after Shiva Reddy brutally beats him and plans to take revenge on Shiva Reddy with the help of Home Minister Govardhan (Posani Krishna Murali), whom he helped in the past by projecting him as a philanthropist. He fools him by saying that he is suffering from leukemia and requests him to charge him as a special police officer along with a team of frustrated police officers. He also asks him to do a 12-hour prayer so that there might be a chance of his survival for which he should not remain in contact with anyone. Govardhan accepts all of his requests and makes him a special police officer, in charge of the whole state police and security for that one day, along with a team of frustrated police officers headed by Kill Bill Pandey (Brahmanandam).
Lucky hatches a plan to capture some of his assets and he fools Shiva Reddy and gets the list of his assets. Lucky arrests Ram as the first act of the day in front of his family, knowing that the honest Ram would try to stop Lucky from bringing justice illegally to Shiva Reddy. With the help of media and Kill Bill Pandey, he traps Shiva Reddy and his father. Now frustrated, Govardhan requests Ram to stop him by reinstating him. As Lucky arrests Shiva Reddy, Ram arrests him and takes him to the police station where the Chief Minister (Sayaji Shinde) and Govardhan decide to kill Lucky. Ram initially agrees, but realizes that Lucky did all of this to show his brotherly love for Ram. With a change of heart, Ram tells them that he will inform the public that his brother did all these things illegally to save the people. He also gloats that the people believe that the CM and home minister did this one-day operation, and are planning to re-elect the same government. The CM and Home Minister realise that the entire operation has provided them a golden ticket and ask lucky to go free. but lucky blackmails them that he will surrender the truth before the media. Out of options, the CM and Home Minister beg lucky to go free and silent. Lucky makes his demands that this team should continue and Kill Bill Pandey must be its leader in order to hide the fact that Shiva Reddy's destruction was a personal agenda and Lucky also tells them to give independent powers to sincere police officers for a better future.Lucky also demands to give his same power to his eldest brother, as it will results 10 times better. Both ministers agree to all of his demands. While conversing they let Shiva Reddy run from the jail. As he runs, he is killed by the constable Rajeev (Rajiv Kanakala) who happened to be Sameer's murderer,(as he was blackmailed at gun point to kill sameer or let his entire team get killed) as well one among the special team Lucky made. Lucky and Ram are united, like their mother wished, while Kill Bill, headed to the team of frustrated police officers as requested by Lucky, gives a speech. The film ends with a happy note as the family reunites.