Anegan

Murugappa 'Munaruna' (Dhanush) is a Tamil worker in 1960s Burma. His friend Saamuda falls in love with Mallika, but Mallika loves Munaruna. Munaruna saves Samudra (Amyra Dastur), the daughter of a Burmese army general, from a Ferris wheel accident and they fall in love. When Mallika learns about this, she is devastated and marries Saamuda. The Burmese general disapproves of the union between Munaruna and Samudra, and revokes the privileges that the Tamil immigrants had until then. Violence breaks out and the Tamil nationals flee Burma. Munaruna and Samudra join the refugees on a ship with Saamuda and Mallika. When Samudra's father comes looking for her, Mallika spitefully reveals where they are hiding. As Samudra and Munaruna try to escape by diving into the ocean, Munaruna is shot and killed. Samudra handcuffs herself to Munaruna and drowns with him after promising to be together forever.
This whole episode is shown to be a flashback of her previous life by Madhumitha 'Madhu' (Amyra Dastur), who is undergoing regression therapy to relieve work stress. Back in Dr. Radhika's office in present-day India, Madhu claims that it is the story of her previous life and she has already met Saamuda and Mallika as Jagan and Meera, who are fellow programmers in the same gaming company. Radhika dismisses this and gives Madhu medicine for stress. Madhu meets Ashwin, a new employee in her company, and realizes his resemblance to Munaruna and flirts with him. Kiran is their boss and he knows to extract work from employees with ease.
Meera hallucinates about ghosts that try to rape her and she jumps from the office window and dies. Madhu is disturbed and attends her therapy sessions with Radhika when she remembers her first birth.
Madhu and Ashwin meet with a car accident and Madhu is admitted in a hospital. She dreams about overhearing a policeman Gopinath's conversation about Kaali and Kalyani, when she intervenes and says that she knows their whereabouts. Once awake, she recites the dream to the policemen in the hospital and they are confused. Police commissioner Gopinath visits her and Madhu realizes that he looks like the police from her dream. He says that the Kaali-Kalyani story was a missing person case that happened 25 years ago. Madhu claims that Kaali and Kalyani were killed and buried and takes Gopinath and Ashwin to a place where they dig up and find skeletons identified as remains of Kaali and Kalyani. Gopinath finds a ring engraved with letter R on one of the skeletons. Ashwin is confused as to what R may mean.
Madhu returns to her therapy, and Kiran hears about her hallucinations and rushes to the clinic. Madhu hallucinates about her third birth, where she is Kalyani, a Brahmin girl who falls in love with a rowdy Kaali and her father forcefully arranges her marriage with RaviKiran when Kaali is in jail for murder. Kaali escapes from prison and meets Kalyani and they plan to elope, but RaviKiran finds out and offers to help them. He takes them to a secluded spot where he murders Kaali and Kalyani out of jealousy and buries them. The finger with the ring belongs to RaviKiran and is amputated by Kaali during the fight. RaviKiran buries it along with dead bodies, unknowingly.
In the present, Kiran is RaviKiran in his youth. When he finds out that, as a child, Madhu learned the truth of Kali and Kalyani's death from Kalyani's father, he kidnaps and tries to kill her. Ashwin finds video games whose plots resemble the stories of Madhu's previous births and Meera's hallucination and death. He finds a drug that the employees have been using to boost memory. He realizes that Kiran has been giving illegal drugs his employees to boost their creativity so that he can profit with uniquely themed, intense games. As a side effect of the drug, his employees hallucinate. Ashwin confronts Kiran, and in the ensuing fight, he saves Madhu and Kiran is killed when a knife Ashwin threw into a tree falls onto Kiran's chest. Gopinath covers up the death as suicide, stating that Kiran killed himself for the illegal activities.
Ashwin and Madhu marry and honeymoon in Burma, where they pass by a log with a heart and the names of Munaruna and Samudra carved into it.