Blood Simple

Abby and Ray are driving through a heavy downpour at night, discussing Abby's bad marriage. Ray drives to a motel, where he and Abby have sex. Abby's husband, Julian Marty, has hired a private detective, Lorren Visser, to follow Abby. Visser takes photos of the tryst and delivers them to Marty. Ray is a bartender working at Marty's bar.
Marty is humiliated when his attempt to kidnap Abby from Ray's home fails, so he then hires Visser to kill the couple. Visser breaks into Ray's home, steals Abby's gun, and photographs the sleeping couple through the bedroom window. He presents a doctored photo of the couple's "corpses" to Marty as evidence that they have been killed. Marty goes to the bathroom to vomit then opens the safe to give Visser his fee. Visser shoots Marty with Abby's gun, leaving her gun at the scene as evidence that she killed Marty.
Ray returns to the bar and accidentally kicks Abby's gun, firing it. He finds a motionless Marty and decides to cover up the murder, which he assumes Abby has committed. He loads the body into his back seat and puts Abby's gun in the coat pocket. While Ray is driving down a country road at night, he realizes that Marty is still alive, although badly wounded. Ray buries Marty alive, but not before retrieving the gun.
A distraught Ray tells Abby, "I cleaned up your mess." Abby insists she "hasn't done anything funny." By the time Ray leaves Abby's apartment each is convinced that the other has done something to harm Marty. Ray leaves the gun, now containing one round, with Abby.
Visser observes first Abby and later Ray visiting the bar office. When leaving the bar Ray notices that he is being followed and leaves for Abby's apartment realizing that she might be in danger. After Abby arrives, Visser, firing from a nearby rooftop with a rifle, shoots Ray through the window. When Abby hears footsteps approaching she quickly takes Ray's knife and hides in the bathroom. Visser enters the bathroom to kill her, but finds the bathroom empty and the window open. Reaching out the window, he opens another window to the next room, but Abby slams the sash down on his wrist and drives the knife through his hand into the sill. He shoots through the wall, then punches through it and removes the knife, while Abby retreats and waits outside the bathroom, holding her gun. As Visser is about to emerge, she fires through the door, hitting him. Visser, lying on the bathroom floor, mortally wounded, bursts into laughter.