That Thing Called Tadhana

The film starts at an airport in Rome where Mace, on her way back to the Philippines, despairs over which of her personal items to keep so she does not exceed the load requirements. As she bemoans her fate and cries over her dilemma, Anthony shows up and offers to carry her extra baggage for her through his unused extra baggage allowance. Mace later reveals that her whole life is in her luggage.
On the plane, Mace watches and emotionally connects with the protagonists of the film "One More Chance" but vehemently declines the pack of tissues offered to her.
Upon arrival at NAIA, they go to a Japanese restaurant after Mace expresses her reluctance to go straight home. Anthony shares his reasons for being in Rome but finds that Mace does not share the amazement. Their small talk is cut short when a fellow patron, who has nonchalantly been ignoring an incoming call, irritates Mace. Much later, Mace questions the merit of leaving the future of one's relationship to the winds of fate, or what destiny has to dictate, and declares that it did not sit well with her because she would have done something about it. She then begins to talk about her relationship that just recently ended. An eight-year-long relationship that was broken in just seven words. They later on end up in a karaoke bar where they sing "Where Do Broken Hearts Go" together. In a drunken stupor, Mace tells Anthony that she wants to go to Baguio City.
On the bus to Baguio, Mace associates a film being shown to a memory she has with her ex-boyfriend. Then at a stopover, after she does the same to everything that Anthony comes up with, she strikes up a deal with him as a means of conditioning herself against the habit. Still, Mace cannot help but ask "- how does one forget?" and "- how long does one take to do it?". Anthony points out that "- what's important is to forget" - how and how long was "- up to her".
In Baguio, Mace makes up her mind about what to do next, declines Anthony's offer to help and lugs her baggage around on her own - something that, although slow, is still manageable. At an art exhibit, Mace discovers Anthony's unfulfilled passion for painting overshadowed by a life driven by requirements and deadlines. So, over lunch, she asks Anthony to illustrate a short story she has written in college entitled "The Arrow with a Heart Pierced Through it". Later that night, Mace awakens from a dream involving her ex-boyfriend. Anthony reveals that his dream has been of the two of them just walking along Session Road.
Inside a café in Session Road, Mace talks about how she waited eight years for a question that never came. Anthony admits to having been unprepared and shares the loss and pain that he has suffered thereafter along with all other sorts of questions that has gone unanswered. Mace then quotes F. Scott Fitzgerald back to him.
Outside the café, Anthony reassures her that she is not ugly at all, tells her that she will recover because it is impossible for an overwhelming love like hers to be wasted or go unreciprocated and quotes Popoy's line from the film One More Chance. He also reveals to her what he has done in order to forget and move on from his ex-girlfriend who has long since moved on and forgotten about him.
Upon arriving in Sagada, Mace realizes that their belongings have been left behind. While a frantic Anthony tries to negotiate a way to go back, Mace tells him that the baggage does not matter anymore in her present life. As they await for the jeepney bound for Mount Kiltepan, in the freezing cold, Anthony gallantly drapes his sweater across her shoulders and for the first time spend a few minutes together in thoughtful silence.
They arrive at the camp late in the evening, lie down next to the fire beneath the open sky and talk about what they will wish for if a shooting star was to appear. They drift off to sleep, content with the idea that their wishes will surely be granted.
The next day dawns and they run together to a place at the edge of the mountain and the sea of clouds. There, Mace unloads herself of everything, screams all of her anger, all of her pain and of everything she has been unable say to her ex-boyfriend.
Mace asks about what they did upon reaching the far end of Session Road in his dream. Anthony reveals that he woke up before he got to that part but tells her that if he were to add something to it, it would be that she turns to him slowly to say she will forget her ex-boyfriend.
After a brief moment of silence, Mace replies and says "I will forget him."
On the way home Anthony was walking Mace home when they found out that her ex Marco was by the gate waiting for Mace with a boquet of flowers asking for another chance. Anthony and Mace were shocked so Anthony said goodbye to give them some time to talk.
On his way home Anthony was shocked with everything that happened for the past couple of days. All he did was smile.
Mace’s short story played. The Arrow was feeling heavier than usual even after losing The Heart pierced through him. The Arrow kept on going until he met The Heart again.
The story resumed in where Anthony was driving through Manila. He was thinking about what Mace said about leaving your fate to the wind. He said to himself that if you really love someone, you should go for it and not wait for the wind to blow her back to you and that you should pull so hard and not let go as long as you can.
The story ended with Mace’s short story being shown on Anthony’s lap published with the credits written “Written by Mace Castillo” “Illustrated by Anthony Lagdameo” which means that they kept in touch and Anthony is on his way to see his girlfriend Mace.