Swapno

The film deals with the life and aspirations of ajoy(Soham Chakraborty), a needy but meritorious Youngman, though he had been the district topper in his school leaving exam yet he had to leave his studies and go to Kolkata to work in a college, ajoy had been too stunned but had decided to sacrifice his dreams for his family, he had worked hard and even taken care of the garage owner. So after his death he became the owner of the garage. He brought his family to Kolkata and tried to fulfil even the smallest of their needs. Through an accident he came close to businessman's family he through them acquired a chance for his brother an aspiring cricketer. The younger brother is chosen / selected for the ranji trophy team. In the meantime the young daughter(Sayantani Ghosh) of the business man has fallen in love with ajoy(Prosenjit Chatterjee). Younger brother gets a job they shift into a mansion their lifestyle changes, though ajoy and his father cannot keep pace with them their sister(Meghna) gets to work in a music album through younger brother's connections she gets involved with the man. Younger brother in need of rs 10 lakh for training abroad. Asks ajoy for it he expresses inability brother disheartened mother asks him to borrow from girlfriend's family. It is against his principles. He mortgages garage. Brother returns after training. Buys a new car gets money from endorsements but denies paying back ajoy's money. ajoy's garage taken over. His girlfriend moly gets angry to know about it. He does not confide in her as he does not want to boast to boast about helping his own brother mili's father offers to send him abroad with a job he does not accept. She breaks off their relationship younger brother gets selected in Indian team meets mili decides to get married unaware of her relation with ajoy(Prosenjit Chatterjee). ajoy works as a hawker after marriage he comes to know of ajoy's(Prosenjit Chatterjee) truth brother also gets to know of the past-starts suspecting them humiliates him he leaves the house and goes back to old home. Sister comes to him for help as she was pregnant. She tries to commit suicide but is save mili's brother proposes to marry her brother involves in match fixing ajoy comes to know of it hands him over to police married sister invites him to Australia but he stays back to take care of old helpless parents. Brother released from jail.