Seema Simham

The movie starts with a fight in which Durga Prasad bashes up police for occupying the house of a poor woman. Dhanunjaya Rao (Raghuvaran) comes to know the heroism of Durga Prasad and tells him his flashback. Dhanunjaya Rao and Chandra Sekhar (Charan Raj) are the best friends. They have a kid each. Dhanunjaya Rao is a business magnate and Chandra Sekhar is a police, officer. Chandra Sekhar arrests a dreaded goon and the goon's supporters kidnap the son of Dhanunjaya Rao and hold the kid as the hostage and want to exchange the kid for the release of goon. If Chandra Sekhar does not release goon, he would be getting a promotion and prize money worth 5 lakhs from the Government. At the last spurring moment, Chandra Sekhar becomes selfish which results in the death of the son of Dhanunjaya Rao. Due to this incident, Chandra Sekhar becomes an enemy of Dhanunjaya Rao. The wife of Dhanunjaya Rao gets paralyzed. Dhanunjaya Rao's aim is to kill the son of Chandra Sekhar.
Dhanunjaya Rao asks for the help of Durga Prasad in killing the son of Chandra Sekhar. Durga Prasad accepts to be the contract killer. In the process, Durga Prasad cures the paralysis of Dhanunjaya Rao's wife by killing Chandra Sekhar's son named Sambu Prasad (Sai Kumar). Charulatha (Reema Sen), the niece of Dhanunjaya Rao, falls in love with Durga Prasad. Dhanunjaya Rao's impressed with Durga Prasad, as he got rid of Simha Prasad and cured the paralysis of his wife. He wants to adopt Durga Prasad as his son and marry off Charu Latha to him. But, it is revealed that Durga Prasad is a big enemy of parents of Charu Latha back in their Nizam area.
Then there is a remote village in Telangana, which is dominated by the family of an MP (Vasu). There are no doors for houses in that village. This arrangement is done because the sons and goons of MP can run into any home and take hostage. Durga Prasad is a hardworking and heroic IPS officer, which is sent on a special duty to get hold of the goons and set the village right. Hema (Simran) falls in love with Durga Prasad after observing his daring personality. Durga's father is Visweswara Rao. Hema proposes to the parents of Durga Prasad and all the elders accept the match. In a particular fight, Durga Prasad's hand gets paralyzed. The parents of Hema cancel the alliance with Durga Prasad. Hema defies her parents and enters the house of Durga Prasad and stays there by serving him and making him a healthy man. At the time of Durga Prasad and Hema marriage, the villains reveal that Durga Prasad is not the real son of his parents.
Then the story goes back into continuing the first half again. Durga came to this city to look for his real parents. It's revealed that Durga's younger brother's Simha Prasad, who faked his death. Basically, Durga's real dad's Chandra Shekar. Viswesara Rao only has 1 son, who's actually Simha Prasad. Durga & Simha were only trying to cure the paralysis of Dhanunjaya Rao's wife. Durga plans to sacrifice himself to Dhanunjaya Rao, but Dhanunjaya Rao's wife convinces Dhanunjaya Rao not to do it.