Lacchimdeviki O Lekkundi

Devi (Lavanya) works in a bank as cashier, and is very smart. Naveen (Naveen Chandra) works in the same bank at the help desk and likes her. Naveen wants to become rich in life and agrees to a gang’s plan to steal the data of unclaimed accounts. Apart from the Bank’s manager, only Devi has access to this data. He impresses her and gets close to her. One day he steals the data and hands it over to the gang headed by Mahesh (Ajay). Using the details in the data, Mahesh wants to claim them. Then he makes a plan to claim the uncliamed accounts. Mahesh and his girlfriend represents as legal heirs of the holders of unclaimed accounts ankallamma and uma devi and tries to claim full amount in the account. While after cheques was issued bank manager somayajulu (Jayaprakash reddy) reveals that ankallamma is a goddess the unclaimed account of ankallamma is the temple trust's money, umadevi is a wealthy unmarried child of a landlord she was committed suicide due to love failure with a classical singer. Due to this facts he caught them red handedly and bangs them out. Then it is revealed that naveen and somayajulu joined hands to rob the entire money. After tricking them somayajulu takes complete powers to access data from devi on the reason of negligence of duty and insults devi in front of everyone. After completion of work somayajulu cheats naveen and blackmails him. Then naveen realise his mistake in the lust of money and waits for time to teach a lesson to somayajulu. Then at one night in somayajulu's house somayajulu sees ankallamma. She demands to get her money back seeing the weard circumstances frightened somayajulu promises to give her money back. Then umadevi comes to naveen's house and possesses devi's body and tourches him with her bulky voice claims her amount then naveen says full story to umadevi and manages to escape from her. Then umadevi and ankallamma possesses devi and tortures somayajulu again. They put the condition that to give amount in a particular place. After it is revealed that devi is acting like ankallamma and uma devi because she came to know the intentions of somayajulu through Mahesh. He lies to devi that he is a journalist working to revil the scam in the bank that's why they played game but it goes into veins. Then devi believes them and join hands with Mahesh. According to mahesh's plan devi acted as ankallamma and uma devi. Mahesh plans to grab entire amount again with the help of devi. Naveen get suspicious of devi's actions then follows her and understands the entire situation. Then he makes a plan to save money from all thieves. Next day in the bank with some comical circumstances naveen saves money successfully and reveals real natures of Mahesh and somayajulu in front of bank and devi Then while escaping somayajulu and mahesh dies in a police shoot out. After that devi accepts naveen marriage proposal.