The Salvation

Jon and his brother Peter participate in the Second Schleswig War in 1864. Following the defeat of the Danish Realm, they migrate to the United States and settle somewhere between the Mississippi River and the Rocky Mountains. Seven years later, Jon’s wife, Marie and his 10-year-old son, Kresten, arrive. The family boards a stagecoach bound for their small residence while Peter stays behind. Their coach is also boarded by two recently released criminals, Paul and Lester. Following a tense struggle, the two criminals throw Jon out of the moving coach after which they rape and kill Jon's wife. They also kill his son and the stagecoach drivers.
With great effort, Jon catches up to the coach to find his family murdered. Enraged, he kills the two convicts.
Unbeknownst to Jon, Paul is the brother of Henry Delarue, a notorious gang leader and land baron. Upon hearing the news, Delarue kills three innocent citizens of Black Creek, the town that reports the deaths to him. He also forces the townspeople to cooperate and find his brother's killer.
After burying his wife and son, Jon decides to leave the town with Peter and sells his land to Keane, Black Creek's mayor and undertaker. Before they can leave, Jon and Peter are captured by the town Sheriff, Mallick. As Jon sits in his cell, Mallick tells him that his death will buy the town more time while he tries to alert higher authorities of Delarue's actions. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Delarue is working with the Standard Atlantic Oil Company and with the help of Mayor Keane, had been acquiring Black Creek and its surrounding land, which was close to an untapped oil reserve. Delarue's now widowed sister-in-law, Madelaine, acts as his accountant and suffers sexual and physical abuse from him.
The next morning, Jon is escorted to Delarue's base, an abandoned town, and is tied to a post and left in the sun. In Black Creek, Peter breaks out of jail and follows Jon. At night, Peter kills several of Delarue's henchmen and cuts Jon free, and the pair rides off while being pursued by Delarue and his men.
Realizing Jon is too weak to carry on, Peter leaves him hidden, leads the gang away, and is pursued and killed. Taking advantage of Delarue's absence, Madelaine steals his cash and boards a train. However, the train is intercepted, and she is captured. Delarue tells his men to kill Madelaine after they are done raping her.
Jon roams the countryside, looking for water and shelter. He stumbles across a small residence, belonging to Mrs. Whistler, whose husband was killed by Delarue. Jon takes shelter in her house to recover from his wounds, while Mrs. Whistler and her children flee Black Creek. After returning to town, he confronts and kills Mayor Keane for his deception. At the general store, he arms himself and reluctantly accepts the help of Voichek, the young storekeeper whose grandmother was killed by Delarue.
Jon uses diversions and guerrilla tactics to kill Delarue's henchmen one at a time. Voichek is killed and inadvertently sets fire to the hotel where Madelaine is being held, enabling her to escape. Delarue finds and wounds Jon. Just as he is about to kill Jon, Madelaine shoots Delarue twice, and Jon kills him with a shot to the head.
Sheriff Mallick and his men arrive to thank Jon. When they try to arrest Madelaine, Jon orders them to leave and states that he will be taking her with him. The pair leaves to start their new life together, and the film then reveals that the land is ultimately taken over by the oil company, with several functioning oil wells.