Jungle Fever

Flipper Purify (Wesley Snipes), a successful and happily married architect from Harlem, is married to Drew (Lonette McKee)—together they have one daughter, Ming (Veronica Timbers). At work, he discovers that an Italian-American woman named Angie Tucci (Annabella Sciorra) has been hired as a temp. Angie lives in Bensonhurst with her father, Mike (Frank Vincent), and her two brothers, Charlie (David Dundara) and Jimmy (Michael Imperioli). Angie and her boyfriend Paulie (John Turturro) have been dating since high school, and he runs a corner store.
Flipper and Angie begin to spend many nights in the office working late but, one night, the two have sex. The sexual encounter begins their tumultuous relationship. Afterwards, Flipper somehow demands to be up for a promotion at work but when refused by the company for the position Flipper accuses them of racism and abruptly quits his job. Eventually, he admits his infidelity to his longtime friend Cyrus (Spike Lee). Cyrus criticizes Flipper for having an affair with a white woman but Flipper pleads with him not to tell anyone including his wife. Later, Drew learns about his affair, through Cyrus's wife, and throws him out. Flipper in retaliation insults Cyrus's wife and in doing so strains his friendship with Cyrus. Flipper moves in momentarily with his father, The Good Reverend Doctor Purify (Ossie Davis) and Mrs. Purify (Ruby Dee). Later, Angie comes home to a severe and brutal beating with a belt from her father after word gets out that she is dating a black man. Flipper and Angie decide to find a place and move in together. As a couple, they encounter discrimination such as when being refused and ignored entirely by a waitress (Queen Latifah) for dating a white woman, police harassment, and financial issues. Eventually they break up.
Things begin to turn worse for Flipper when his crack-addicted brother Gator (Samuel L. Jackson) steals and sells his mother's TV for crack. Flipper searches all over Harlem for Gator, soon finding him in a crack house. He finally gives up on his brother and tells him he is not giving him any more money. When Gator arrives at their parents' house to ask for money, he gets into an altercation with his father that ends with Dr. Purify shooting and killing him, proclaiming his son to be "evil and better off dead". He collapses as Mrs. Purify weeps over Gator's body.
Another subject the film focuses on is Paulie (John Turturro) who was the former fiancé of Angie and begins to have problems as his friends begin to taunt him for losing his girlfriend to a black man. He asks a black woman, who is one of his customers, on a date. On his way to the date, he is surrounded and assaulted viciously by his friends in his attempt at an interracial relationship. Angie later is accepted back into her father's home and Flipper tries to mend his relationship with his wife but is unsuccessful. He talks to his daughter as she's in bed. As he leaves his house, a young crack-addicted prostitute propositions him--calling him "daddy"; in response, he throws his arms around her and cries out in torment, realizing a similar future for his own daughter.