Pressure

Anthony is a British, black teenager named who goes by the nickname of "Tony". Tony was born and raised in Britain while the rest of his family — his mother, father, and older brother — were born in Trinidad in the Caribbean. This affects the family members' viewpoints about the society they live in. Tony’s mother says they, as blacks, must work hard, mind their business and respect white people’s laws because the whites have the power. The film shows how the older generations are satisfied with living in a society ruled by the white English, which differs from the views of the younger generation. There is a disconnect between the way Tony feels about Britain and the way that his family feels, specifically his brother. Tony’s brother is active in the black power movement and is constantly discussing how blacks are treated as second-class citizens who are faced with racism in an unjust societal system. He stresses the idea of a collective effort on behalf of the blacks, as black encompasses their culture and consciousness and they must spread this consciousness. He emphasises how blacks must organise politically to deal with the situation themselves, since the government is not on their side. Tony tries to assimilate into the white-dominated society that surrounds him as well as fit in with his own family and their traditions. However, as Tony tries to assimilate and maintain his faith in a British society where he can progress, he is continuously faced with obstacles.
Tony goes dancing with a white friend and then goes back to her apartment, and a white adult screams that if he does not leave she will call the police, and that the white girl should feel ashamed for bringing back a black boy. When Tony attends one of his brother’s meetings, he sees the mistreatment of blacks firsthand. Police enter the meeting forcefully and with no warrant or reason, arresting and beating up the blacks. Then, police tear apart Tony’s family’s home, searching for non-existent drugs. In addition to this, throughout the film, Tony cannot find a job that matches his educational qualifications. Events like these bring to light the forces of oppression and lead to Tony’s disillusionment with a just English society. Tony also struggles with his identity, as a black child born in England to West-Indian parents. He has a difficult time relating to his brother who was not born in Europe, while he also cannot relate to his white friends, who do not share his obstacles in England. Tony’s brother feels that all whites are evil. Tony comes to his own conclusions based on his experiences, declaring that many white people are in the same position that they, as blacks, are in, since only a handful of white people hold all the power. These whites just do not realise they are in the same position as the blacks.