Captain EO

Upon arriving on the planet, the crew was captured by the henchmen of the Supreme Leader, and brought before her. She sentenced the crew to be turned into trash cans, and Captain EO to 100 years of torture in her deepest dungeon. Before being sent away, Captain EO told the Supreme Leader that he saw the beauty hidden within her, and that he brought her the key to unlock it: his song, "We Are Here to Change the World".
The two robot members of the crew transformed into musical instruments, and the crew members began to play the various instruments. As Hooter ran toward his instrument, he tripped over EO's cape and broke it, stopping the music. The spell broken, the Supreme Leader ordered her guards to capture Captain EO and his crew.
Hooter managed to repair his instrument and sent out a blast of music, providing EO with the power to throw off the guards. He used his power to transform the dark hulking guards into agile dancers who fell into step behind him for a dance number. As EO pressed forward toward the Supreme Leader, she unleashed her Whip Warriors, two cybernetic defenders each with a whip and shield that could deflect EO's power.
The others all ran away, leaving Captain EO to fight the Whip Warriors alone. EO was trapped by a closing gate and was preparing for a last stand as both the whip warriors drew their whips back for a final blow. Fuzzball dropped his instrument and speedily flew over to tie the two whips together, causing the Whip Warriors to be thrown off balance and giving EO an opportunity to transform them as well. With no further obstacles, EO used his power to transform the remaining four henchmen (not yet unleashed) and they, the transformed whip warriors and the other dancers, pressed forward in dance before EO transformed the Supreme Leader into a beautiful woman, her lair into a peaceful Greek temple, and the planet into a verdant paradise.
A celebration broke out to "Another Part of Me", as Captain EO and his crew triumphantly exited and flew off into space.
Captain EO made full use of its 3D effects. The action on the screen extended into the audience, including asteroids, lasers, laser impacts, smoke effects, and starfields that filled the theater. These effects resulted in the seventeen-minute film costing an estimated $30 million to produce.[6] At the time, it was the most expensive film ever produced on a per-minute basis, averaging out at $1.76 million per minute.[7]
The 2010 version did not include the in-theater laser and starfield effects. It did utilize hydraulics previously used for Honey, I Shrunk the Audience! to make the seats shake along with Captain EO's spaceship, as well as LED flood-lighting which was new to the theater. They were also used for the bass-heavy musical numbers. The seats also bounced to the beat of Jackson's song. Honey, I Shrunk the Audience!'s hidden water sprayers were employed when Hooter sneezed. The leg ticklers from Honey, I Shrunk the Audience were also reused for the Supreme Leader's Whip Warriors.
The show's orchestral score was composed by James Horner, additional score was composed and performed by Tim Truman, while the area and pre-show music was written by Richard Bellis.
Two new songs appeared in the film. The first was an early mix of "Another Part of Me". The song was re-mixed and later appeared on Jackson's hugely successful Bad album. It was released as a single in 1988.
"We Are Here to Change the World" was not officially released until 2004 as part of Michael Jackson: The Ultimate Collection. However, this version was a shorter edit of the full-length song. Soul/R&B singer Deniece Williams covered the song on her As Good As It Gets album in 1988.[8]