Samsaram

Raghu (N. T. Rama Rao) is a government clerk lives who lives happily with his wife Manjula (Laxmirajyam) and two children. Raghu's mother Venkamma (Bezwada Kanthamma), sister Kamakshi (Surabhi Balasaraswathi) and her husband Tata Rao (Relangi) lives on his salary. Very soft natured Manjula suffers in the hands of shrewd Venkamma. Venu (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) younger brother of Raghu stays back in the village. He is an honest straightforward gentleman. Once Venu gets acquaintance with a beautiful Kamala (Pushpalata) who has to stay in his house for a night because of her car being repaired. Kamala’s father Sundara Rao (Dr. Damodaram) is the rich man n Vijayawada. She invites Venu to come to her house. Venu, when he goes to Vijayawada, observes how his sister-in-law is being harassed by his mother & sister. Kamakshi even though she is married doesn’t go to her husband’s house. Venu & Kamala start loving each other. Venu gets a job with help of her father. On the other side, Raghu is struggling hard for maintaining the house. Moreover it Manjula joins for delivery in the hospital. Venu sends money after selling the property but Venkamma doesn’t give that to Raghu. Raghu sells Manjula’s wedding chain which also snatched by Venkamma. Raghu loses his job and in frustration, he leaves the house. Venkamma and Kamakshi blame Manjula. Kamala informs this to Venu then he forcibly takes money from mother and clears the debts. Venkamma tells Kamala that there is an affair between Venu & Manjula which Kamala believes. Manjula also leaves the house with children writing a letter that Venu is like her brother, then Kamala realizes and asks pardon from Venu. Manjula reaches Koyambaltur. Sundara Rao asks Venu to marry Kamala but he says that he will marry only after getting back his brother and sister-in-law. Raghu also reaches to Koyambaltur. Meanwhile, Venu meets Tata Rao, his sister’s husband and tells him that only way to change his wife is through harsh behavior. Tata Rao whips Kamakshi & Venkamma and makes them silent. Parallelly, Sundara Rao purchases a mill at Koyambaltur, Venu & Kamala also shifts there. The mill manager Ramesh (Nalla Ram Murthy) has a bad eye on Kamala. Manjula sends her elder son Gopi (Master Anand) for work in the mill. Once Gopi meets Raghu who is almost mad. Gopi forces him to work in the mill. Raghu becomes sick and Gopi brings him home when Manjula recognizes Raghu. Manjula goes to Sundara Rao to ask some amount for Raghu's medicines when he refuses she beats him and steals money. At the same time, Kamala & Ramesh reach there, where they see Venu and suspects him. Ramesh calls for police and Venu got arrested. Rest of the story is how Venu proves his innocence, finds out his brother & family and reunites with them.