Method

Veteran actor Jae-ha and idol star Young-woo are cast in a stage play called Unchain as Walter and Singer, respectively. Young-woo is initially uncooperative during rehearsals, arriving late and failing to display any interest in or enthusiasm for the play. Frustrated by Young-woo's flippant attitude toward acting, Jae-ha pushes him to change his behavior. Young-Woo becomes intrigued by Jae-ha's passion for his work, and devotes himself to his role, reading books Jae-ha gives him and accompanying him on outings to find props for the play. Jae-ha's girlfriend Hee-won begins to sense the connection between the two actors as they grow closer. Jae-ha himself is increasingly tense and agitated, confused about his feelings for Young-woo, until one day he accidentally hurts Young-woo during a rehearsal. Later, he encounters Young-woo in the empty theater and the two share a kiss which is witnessed by Hee-won. The next day, Jae-ha finds Young-woo at his house and drags him into one of Hee-won's storage sheds, where Young-woo acknowledges his feelings for Jae-ha and they kiss again. The two drive to the beach together, where Young-woo posts pictures of them on Instagram which prompt rumors about the nature of their relationship. They are soon found embracing in the car by Young-woo's manager and Hee-won. Young-woo is driven away by his manager as Hee-won confronts Jae-ha about his sexuality.
The day of the press conference for Unchain, Young-woo tells Jae-ha that he posted those pictures on purpose, because he wanted to share their love with the world. He asks Jae-ha if he loves Young-woo, and begs him to tell everyone about their relationship. Jae-ha does not reply, but in the press conference dismisses rumors about them by saying that they were only acting, and requesting that people stop prying into their personal lives and instead focus on the play itself. Young-woo is devastated by this and visits Jae-ha's house while he and Hee-won are sleeping. The next day, after Jae-ha leaves, Hee-won becomes aware of another person in the house, and one of her sculptures is knocked to the ground and broken.
Young-woo arrives late to the first performance of the play, and as he and Jae-ha act, Young-woo's lines suggest that he hurt Hee-won, enraging Jae-ha. He asks Jae-ha to kiss him, and when he does, Young-woo whispers to him that the kiss was not in the script. In the final scene of the play, Young-woo acts out his character's suicide, but chooses not to use the safety mechanism, which causes him to hang himself temporarily. Jae-ha holds him up until the scene ends. Jae-ha finds Young-woo unconscious, but Young-woo wakes up and tells him backstage that now he is the perfect Singer, while Jae-ha is only a mediocre Walter. Young-woo leaves after the play, and Jae-ha and Hee-won reunite.