Gaalipata

Three childhood friends — Ganesh, an MBA graduate; Diganth, a medical student; and Kitty, an engineer, are caught by police for drunk driving on a night in Bangalore. They use the influence of Ganesh's father, a legislator, to escape consequences. To cheer up Kitty after a breakup with his girlfriend and to free themselves, the three arrive at the house of Diganth's grandfather in Mugilpete.
Once there, they are introduced to and begin to stay at the guesthouse of Kodandaram, an avid hunter, the neighbor and friend of Diganth's grandfather. Kodandaram, now handicapped from a hunting accident and confined to a wheelchair, lives with his wife Padma, daughter-in-law Sowmya, and daughters Radha and Pavani. Sowmya is widowed and teaches the village children; Radha, a student of Ayurveda, practices it alongside looking over the family's farming land; and Pavani is a student doing her pre-university course. Ganesh, a foodie, is fascinated with learning of Kodandaram's hunting spoils and persuades him to join them in hunting the very wild boar that left his legs crippled two years ago. At the forest, Kodandaram accidentally shoots Diganth in the chest, but is saved by a gong he had worn around his neck. They embark on another and final venture to kill the boar. As the boar approaches a rifle-wielding and wheelchair-bound Kodandaram, he gets up on his feet as an impulse and refuses to shoot it, thankful for bringing him back to his feet again, and calls it an incarnation of varaha.
As days pass by, Diganth develops feeling towards Radha, who reciprocates, and Pavani towards Kitty, who falls in love with her as well. Kodandaram and Padma approve of their relationship and decide to fix their wedding. Ganesh, in love with Sowmya, first tries confessing his feelings for her in writing, on a kite which on flying accidentally unstrings and flies away. Dejected, and eager to marry her, he speaks to her, and despite having developed a liking for him, she refuses. She decides to take up an offer for a job with an NGO in Switzerland and leaves for the nearest airport, when Ganesh accompanies her. Wishing to fly kites with the village kids across the river one last time, they use a coracle to cross it. Just as Sowmya confesses her feelings for him, the coracle capsizes as they encounter a rapid. Ganesh saves her from drowning, when she professes her love for him.