Thattathin Marayathu (തട്ടത്തിൻ മറയത്ത്)

The story starts with a flashback in which two school boys, Vinod Varma Menon Nair and his friend, are at the Thalassery pier. Vinod Varma Menon Nair sees a Muslim girl who he finds attractive and he prays to God to make her his wife in the future.
After the roll of starting credits, the movie shifts focus to the present, in which Vinod, hailing a middle class Hindu Pulaya family, is jailed for trespassing the property of a rich Muslim politician, Abdul Khader. Realizing that he went there to meet the Muslim girl, Aisha, the politician's niece with whom he's madly in love, Sub-inspector Prem Kumar and his men request him to tell his love story.
From here, the movie goes back in time by a few months, when Vinod first saw Aisha while attending his friend's marriage. He accidentally collides with her while running along a corridor and she falls down a staircase, ending up unconscious in a hospital. Vinod goes to the hospital and finds a little girl besides Aisha's bed. With her help, he leaves a 'sorry' letter to Aisha, written using a stencil. But just watching her beautiful face sleep in peace is enough to fuel the love within Vinod and along with his close friends Abdu and Mustafa, Vinod tries to win Aisha's heart.
To get a chance to talk to Aisha, Vinod next tries to participate in a Daffmuttu competition in Kannur University Cultural Festival in which Aisha also is participating. He goes to a trainer Najaf. But Vinod and Najaf have a history of bitterness when during his 12th grade, the duo had a tiff. The storyline goes into further flashback mode, to a few years prior.
Vinod along with his friends back then, Nijad and Majid had a gang, named Smartboyz. Majid was in love with Fatima, the daughter of the local shrimp merchant. But Fatima was in love with Najaf. Thus the trio decide to take on Najaf and beat him by covering faces. After beating Najaf, in an act of heroism Majid accidentally threw away his driving license along with some money. The driving license gives his credentials away, and the next day all three are beaten up by Najaf's friends.
Despite this history, Najaf who is now married to his new lover Khadeeja, accepts to teach him Daffmuttu. During the cultural festival, Vinod meets Aisha and wishes her a happy birthday. He is won over by her radiance and cannot keep the feelings hidden inside him anymore. After the festival is over, Vinod goes to Aisha's house late at night and confesses his feelings. There is no reply from Aisha, but after a few days Aisha reciprocates his feelings by writing a letter. Then one night, when he believes that no one is at her home, he tries to meet her. Only to be caught and sent to police custody. With this Vinod winds up his story.
Listening to this with full attention, S.I Premkumar lends his full support to Vinod and promises to help him unite with Aisha. Vinod tries to find a way of reaching out to Aisha by exchanging letters with her. He finds Hamza, Aisha's tutor, a friend of Abdu. Hamza is in love with Vinod's sister and he agrees to help Vinod. To make money Vinod opens a Purdah shop with the help of Sub-inspector Premkumar and asks Aisha to inaugurate the shop. She agrees to come on Friday afternoon, when she's alone in her house. Aisha inaugurates the shop and meets Vinod's parents. While returning, they are blocked by some men who are enraged to Aisha in the car with two men. After reaching home, Aisha is put into house-arrest by her father's elder brother, Abdul Khader. An accident happens in Khader's factory, which leads to a communal riot leading to which Aisha's father Abdul Rahman gets attacked. While in hospital, Khader informs his brother that they are shifting to Trivandrum the next day to prevet any untoward incidents further. Abdul Rahman agrees and Aisha sees Vinod one last time in the night. The next day, Abdul Rahman realises that he should allow Aisha to live with the one she loves. Khader departs and Aisha calls Vinod, but finds that Vinod's phone is switched off and he is nowhere to be seen.
Finally with the help of SI Premkumar, they find him in sitting by the sea bridge and Aisha proposes him to marry her. Vinod asks to kiss her which she agrees. The scene shifts back to the first scene at the same sea-bridge where Vinod prays to God to get that beautiful girl he saw and as he leaves, a woman calls out to the little girl as 'Aisha'.
Only at the end only Abdu Rahman realizes that Vinod is a Menon Varma Nair, all of a sudden Abdu changes his opinions and opts to marry his daughter to Vinod. Vinod using his Nair super powers is then seen flying through the skies of Thalassery and lands on the roof of Aisha's home. Then they both fly home.
The film ends on the note that "God is quite a person; even if we forget some of our wishes, he never does."