Srivariki Premalekha

The comedy film revolves around a blind Love letter (Prema Lekha) written by Swarna (Poornima) to Ananda Rao (Naresh) because in a bet with her friends she writes a blind love letter to an unknown person if the reply will come earliest from that boy it will proves swarna theory that a boy can be easily wooed by a girl. Ananda rao works in Hindustan shipping board Visakhapatnam. After the reading of letter he pledges to marry the girl who wrote the letter and tries to find her with the help of his friends. His father Parandhamayya (Suthi Veerabhadra Rao) is highly abusive and openly scolds him. His office colleague tries to exploit his innocence and introduces Soni (Mucherla Aruna) as that girl. Mean while after losing the bet and proved that her theory was wrong she comes to vizag for the vacation in her sister's house. concidentally ananda rao becomes her neighbour they become a good friends but swarna had started to have feelings on anand rao. After that she decides to propose him for the marriage before that he expresses his feelings on Sony and he says he was trying to convince his parents. Feeling dejected swarna went back to her village and accepts the marriage proposal on the condition that her parents give no dowry. Anandrao's brother nuthan prasad meets Sony and suspects her identity. And he find out the truth as a begger. Then he escapes from the beggers association members he reveals the truth in front of ananda rao. Actually Sony's real name is Rita she loves a boy called Robert and her sister doesn't like there relationship then when he is in out of station she lies her that he died in an accident. Feeling dejected and decided to move on after that her sister encourages her to love ananda rao. When nuthan prasad came to her house as a begger then Robert came back to home. The argument goes on with reeta and her sister. After hearing this story ananda rao went to meet her and sees her with Robert then Rita apologies for her acts on ananda rao. Feeling dejected and convinced by there brother's words decides to marry which his father has arranged. Here the bride is none other than swarna. Meanwhile, swarna decides to commit suicide because of love failure and she consumes a diamond ring which her father had given to her for marriage. Then she saws ananda rao as bride groom and misunderstood him as a cheat. Then anand rao confess his story to her and decides to call off the marriage. Then she tells him her story and reveals that she was the Sony. Then she tells him that she consumed the diamond ring to commit suicide because she had feelings on anand rao. Then the tension arouse then swarna's father says coolly that it's not a diamond ring it's an ordinary stone to shape as a diamond he want to manage with that stones to bride grooms family. After a lot of chaos Anand Rao and Swarna finally marry and live happily ever after.