Prasthanam

Ketti Lokanatham Naidu alias Loki (Sai Kumar) takes over the reins of a rural political power from a dying man, Galla Dasharatha Rama Naidu (Balayya). On his death bed, Galla Dasharatha Rama Naidu requests Lokanatham to marry his widowed daughter-in-law Savitri whose husband Galla Keshava (Ravi Prakash) was murdered by rival political group. Lokanatham complies. His stepson is Mitranand alias Mitra (Sharwanand) and his own son is Chinna (Sundeep Kishan). While Mitra is a devoted and loving son to Lokanatham, his step daughter Valli (Surekha Vani) hates him for marrying their mother and severs ties with them. Lokanatham wants to see Mitra as his heir because Mitra is a thinking man whereas Chinna is hot-blooded with a bad life style. Chinna loathes Mitra because he receives lesser attention than Mitra from his father and is constantly discouraged by his father from entering politics. Mitra's sister's sister-in-law is his love interest. Chinna gets upset on learning that Mitra is the new youth president of the party. That night, he gets high on drugs and sexually assaults Hameed Basha's daughter Nadia (Rashmi Gautam) and made her die in an accident. Mitra wants to punish Chinna for the heinous act while Chinna unsuccessfully tries to get Mitra killed in a movie theater. Chinna then kills Mitra's sister and her husband.
As a twist in the tale, Lokanatham Naidu sacrifices his political goodwill to protect Chinna. By doing so, he and Mitra are forced to confront each other. Lokanatham has Mitra beaten up when Mitra chases after Chinna to avenge his sister. Mitra leaves the house and moves to his old home in the village and then kills Chinna. Lokanatham orders both Mitra and Basha to be killed. Basha saves Mitra from the goons and tells him a terrible secret from Loknath's past. Loknath had actually killed Mitra's biological father, who was merely injured in the fight with the political rivals.
Mitra confronts Lokanatham with this secret and tells him that no amount of reading puranas will absolve him of his heinous deed. Lokanatham then says "Go beyond the puranas; there are no villains and heroes in this world, there are only ordinary people doing mistakes to fulfill their goals". Lokanatham then tries to kill Basha, when Mitra snatches the gun from him. Lokanatham tells Mitra to kill him; Mitra falls down on Lokanatham's feet and says that Lokanatham is the only father he has ever known and even if his biological father had lived, Mitra would not have loved him as much as Lokanatham. With this, Mitra and Basha leave.
The film ends with Lokanatham shooting himself.