Srimannarayana

Srimannarayana (Nandamuri Balakrishna) is a courageous and aggressive journalist who fights for justice. He exposes the various scams of an evil gang which loses a lot of money because of Srimannarayana’s activities. Kalki Narayana Murthy (Vijayakumar) is a social activist who fights for the welfare of farmers and Srimannarayana’s father who forms Jai Kisan Trust for the welfare of farmers. Public responds in a big way to this initiative and the fund receives donations to the tune of 5000 crores.
But the day the funds are about to be put to use, Narayana Murthy dies in the bank under mysterious circumstances. The amount of 50 billion goes missing. At the same time Sriman is wrongly accused of trying to shift to abroad. Suspicion falls on Srimannarayana and he is arrested. From the jail, Srimannarayana must fight to prove his innocence and trace the missing money. He is helped by Swapnika (Parvati Melton) who is a channel reporter. He finds out that the people involved are a corrupt minister Bayal Reddy, his brother-in-law, the bank's GM Rajan, Dr. Sreekar, IG Marthand and a Malaysia-based hawala dealer named Harshad Bhai. Sriman finds out that they have locked his father's account using a 6 letter password, with each letter belonging to each person. Using his wits and the help of Jailor Shankar Reddy (Ahuti Prasad), he kills them one by one and finds their passwords. The goons try to be safe by setting CCTV camera in his cell at jail, but that is of no use, as the jailor keeps cheating them by sending wrong visuals. CBI officer Gyaneshwar (Vinod Kumar) is appointed to solve the case. Finally Sriman is acquitted and helps CBI to find the missing money.
After killing the first five goons, Sriman sets out to kill Harshad, who kidnaps Sriman's family for his safety. Sriman reveals that the 5 letters of the password are 4, K, I, A, N and the letter between I and A is Harshad's. Harshad asks Sriman to type the letters and save his family. But his family is saved before Harshad tries to transfer the amount, by Gyaneshwar.
Having known Harshad's secret letter, Sriman announces that the password they have set is 4KISAN. He then kills Harshad by throwing him on a transformer. He is supported by Gyaneshwar who agrees to support Jai Kisan trust by donating a high amount. [5]