Bobby

The story is about the love between two Mumbai teenagers of different classes — Raj Nath (Rishi Kapoor), the son of a rich businessman Mr. Nath (played by Pran), and Bobby Braganza (Dimple Kapadia), the daughter of a poor Goan Christian fisherman Jack Braganza (played by Prem Nath).
Raj son of wealthy Mr. Nath returns from his boarding school. Upon his return, his parents throw a party to celebrate his birthday. His governess as a child Mrs. Braganza comes to wish him with her grand daughter Bobby, whom Raj notices among the crowds attending his party. Mrs. Nath (played by Sonia Sahni) ignores Mrs. Braganza, which leads her to leave the party with her grand daughter in a rush.
Raj opens his gifts the next day and finds Mrs. Braganza’s gift, so he decides to go and meet her. Reaching there, her grand daughter Bobby opens the door for him, and it is love at first sight for him. During that visit he mixes his book with Bobby’s, so he goes to meet her at the library to exchange the books, and from that both start their friendship. Raj and Bobby decide go to see a movie but find out it is full house. Then Raj gets an idea to go to a party. At the party, Bobby sees Raj talking to Nima (played by Aruna Irani) privately and thinks he is in love with her. As the story progresses, Raj realises that his relationship with the daughter of a poor fisherman is not taken kindly by his eccentric father. Upon Raj's insistence, Mr. Nath invites Jack Braganza to initiate talks of Raj and Bobby's wedding. But instead, Mr. Nath insults him, and accuses Jack of using his daughter's beauty and charm to trap Raj for his money. He later offers Jack cash to stop Bobby from seeing Raj. Jack feels highly humiliated by this accusation and reciprocates by insulting Mr. Nath. Their talk enters a deadlock and spells doom for Raj and Bobby's tender love.
Mr. Nath engages Raj to a mentally challenged wealthy girl, Alka (Farida Jalal), to establish business ties with her rich father. But Raj runs away from home in order to unite with Bobby. They run away together. Mr. Nath advertises a reward for anyone who can help find his son. Prem Chopra (Prem Chopra) decides that he wants the money, and he and his goons kidnap Raj and Bobby. When they try to escape, Prem starts beating Raj. Mr. Nath and the police come to help, and they find Jack already there attempting to help Raj. Raj and Bobby run away from their fathers and jump over a waterfall. Mr. Nath and Jack jump into the water after them. Mr. Nath rescues Bobby, while Jack rescues Raj.
They realize that they love their children very much and don't want to stand in the way of their happiness. They accept each other's kids as their own and give their blessings to the union.