Enemy

A man attends an erotic show at an underground club, which culminates with a naked woman on the verge of crushing a live tarantula under her platform high-heel.
Adam Bell, a solitary college history professor is living a quiet mundane and repetitive life. He rents a movie, Where There's a Will There's a Way, on the recommendation of a colleague and in the film, he briefly sees an actor (the man at the show), which looks strikingly like himself. Searching online, Adam identifies the actor as Daniel St. Claire, the stage name for Anthony Claire. Adam rents the other two films in which Anthony has appeared, and becomes obsessed with the man, who appears to be his physical doppelgänger. Immediately after this, he searches some boxes in his own house and finds a photo of someone who looks like himself, with some woman's hand over his shoulder. However, part of the photo is torn out, making the woman impossible to identify. Adam stalks Anthony, visiting his agency and even calling him at home and they agree to eventually meet in a hotel room and discover they are perfectly identical, even having same identical scar. Adam is taken aback by Anthony's direct personality and how exactly same they are in appearance, feeling uneasy and uncomfortable by this he leaves abruptly. The next day, Anthony watches Adam outside of his apartment and sees his girlfriend Mary, whom he finds attractive and starts following her to work without being noticed. Anthony then plots to accuse Adam of having sexual relations with his wife behind his back so he could take his place with Mary over the weekend to sleep with her. Anthony demands Adam's clothes and car keys in order to get things even by taking out Mary for a romantic weekend getaway, promising to disappear forever afterward. Adam complies, and Anthony takes Mary to the hotel after work. Meanwhile, Adam in retaliation goes to Anthony's apartment and is immediately recognized by the apartment security guy who lets him in without the keys, but also desperately asks if Anthony could take him back to the underground sex club again. Inside the apartment, Adam finds a framed photo on a shelf, which looks like the one he had found earlier in his own house, but now the photo is intact, and the woman is revealed to be Helen. Adam is trying to adjust as Anthony in front of Helen but she doesn't appear to notice the subtle differences or his shy behavior and asks him to join her in bed. She cuddles up to him and asks, "did you have a good day at school" to his surprise. Later that night, Helen finds Adam in the living room crying and apologizing to her, in which she asks him to stay and they make love.
Back at the hotel, Mary panics when she sees Anthony's ring mark during sex and asks who he is, why is he doing this to her. She then forces Anthony to drive her home, but the two get into a fight which results in a high-speed crash and the car being completely totaled.
The next day, Adam dresses in Anthony's clothes and opens the confidential letter he received from the agency earlier and finds the club key in a jacket pocket, which are delivered to only selected members. Helen gets out of the shower and tells him to call his mother, then enters the bedroom. Adam asks Helen if she is doing anything that night and tells her that he will be going out, but she doesn't respond. As he enters the bedroom for Helen but instead, he beholds the now room-sized tarantula cowered against the rear wall. Adam, with a resigned look, sighs.