Thalastaanam

Unnikrishan (Vijayakumar), a simple, innocent, easy going chap joins Government Law College. He along with first year students are ragged by the seniors under the leadership of Pappan (Ashokan). A student leader with strong political clout, Pappan violently thrashes down Unnikrishnan who opposes the ragging. Later again, he is insulted in front of the girls. Unnikrishnan stabs Pappan at the corridor of the college in retaliation. G. Parameshwaran alias G.P (Narendra Prasad), the political mentor of Pappan orders his goons to bring Unnikrishnan in front of him.
Upon recognizing the potential of Unni, G.P inducts him into the party and strikes a truce between Pappan and Unni. However, G.P had more sinister plans in stock. The bill on self-financing colleges was introduced by the government, the party decides to oppose the bill under the leadership of G.P. The party decides to launch a student agitation campaign and Unni is appointed as the leader of the movement. With the intention of spreading the violence throughout state, G.P decides to immolate Unni in front of the police and press. The death of Unni is now used as a powerful weapon by G.P against the government. The death of Unni is also a big blow to his family.
Harikrishnan (Suresh Gopi), Unni's elder brother, arrives in Kerala from Mumbai for the funeral rituals. But he becomes suspicious about his brothers death and decides to investigate the reason behind the murder. Hari had to face wrath from several corners including the college management, police and local politicians. His attempts to convince the chief minister for an inquiry also ends up in failure. Hari then meets Meera (Geetha), an aggressive journalist who had witnessed the death of Unni. From her he learns about the plans of G.P and decides to fight against his violent political ways. Hari, meanwhile had to face several physical attacks from the hoodlums of G.P. Hari decides to take law into his own hands and his violent fight against G.P take up the rest of the story.