Nartanasala

The Pandavas complete 12 years of forest life as a part of their 13-year exile stipulation of a rigged dice game they were defeated in by the Kauravas.[a] As per the rule, in the 13th year, Pandavas and their wife Draupadi have to assume different identities and live incognito until the upcoming Vijayadashami. In case their real identity is unveiled, they have to repeat their 12-year exile again. That would give a chance to the Kauravas to prohibit Pandavas from attacking and gaining the reigns of the Kuru Kingdom for a longer period, and possibly forever. Pandavas choose the Matsya Kingdom ruled by Virata, a kind hearted but weak spirited king. They hope to find employment in the king's palace.
Arjuna, one of the Pandavas, recollects a curse which could help him stay incognito for one year. In the past, Arjuna was felicitated by Indra, the king of deities for gaining the divine weapon, Pashupatastra, from Lord Shiva through dedicated devotion. The celestial dancer Urvashi falls in love with Arjuna but he rejects her advances as he considered her a motherly figure. Feeling insulted, Urvashi cursed him to lose his masculinity and turn into an eunuch. Indra arrived and asked Arjuna to treat this curse as a blessing in disguise as the 13th year is arriving. Taking this into account, Arjuna turns into a transgender dance teacher Brihannala.
The remaining assume different identities based on their strengths—Yudhishtira as the advisor and dice player Kankubhattu, Bhima as the cook Valala, Nakula as horse groomsman Damagranthi, Sahadeva as cowherd Tantripala. Draupadi meets Virata's wife Sudeshna at a temple. She introduces herself as Sairandhri, an ill-fated woman married to five Gandharvas and requests for a job in her palace. Sudeshna agrees and promises that Sairandhri would never be used to perform unethical tasks and jobs. The Pandavas too join Virata's palace in these disguised forms and perform various duties. The Kauravas are in search of the Pandavas and their cousin Krishna learns about this. Arjuna's son Abhimanyu wishes to convey the same to the Pandavas and Krishna reluctantly agrees. Before sending him to Matsya, Krishna warns Abhimanyu not to reveal his real identity. Abhimanyu falls in love with Virata's daughter Uttaraa but does not reveal any details of his. Brihannala, who teaches dance to Uttaraa, learns this and is happy. Uttaraa's brother Uttara Kumara too wishes to see their alliance turn into a reality and waits for the opportunity.
Sudeshna's brother and Matsya's chief army commander Kichaka returns victorious from a conquest. Kichaka sees Sairandhri and is mesmerised with her beauty. He warns Sudeshna of dire consequences if Sairandhri does not willingly submit herself for unison. As Kichaka is the supreme power of Matsya, Virata and Sudeshna do not dare to oppose. Sairandhri warns and pleads Kichaka several times which bear no result. One night, Valala disguises himself as a woman and waits in the dance hall. Believing the woman to be Sairandhri, Kichaka enters the hall and is killed by Valala. Valala also kills Kichaka's hundred brothers who attempt to kill Sairandhri by making her perform Sati with Kichaka's corpse.
The Kaurava's learn about Kichaka's death due to a woman married to five Gandharvas in mysterious circumstances. They doubt that the Pandavas are hidden in Matsya and launch an attack on the kingdom's cattle. With all the soldiers engaged in war with Kauravas' allies, Virata's palace is almost empty. When Kauravas attack the remaining cattle, Uttara Kumara swears to fight against them. However, after watching their military troops, Uttara Kumara loses his confidence. Brihannala, who is his charioteer, volunteers to fight if Uttara Kumara handles the chariot, to which Uttara Kumara agrees.
Before the war, Brihannala asks the chariot to be directed to a shami tree (prosopis cineraria) where the Pandavas' divine weapons are hidden. The 13th year ends on that day and Brihannala regains his form of Arjuna. On realising who Brihannala is, Uttara Kumara is happy to serve him. Arjuna then uses the Sammohanastra weapon, which puts the Kaurava army to sleep. The cattle is rescued and the Pandavas declare that their 13-year exile has been successfully completed. Krishna visits Matsya and the marriage of Uttaraa with Abhimanyu is finalised.