Ivan Thanthiran

Two engineering college dropouts, start a shop in Richie street to sell assembled electronic products. Sakthi who understand the electronic functionalities well, reverse engineers the products and sell them in their shop. Sakthi has also developed a mobile phone which can be assembled by unique parts and thus be heavily custom modified. He meets a final-year engineering student Asha, who buys a laptop from him and later claims that he cheated him. They quarrel and later get on and fall in love. She even gets sakthi's project accepted in a national electroincs firm, for mass production in near future.
One day they get a job to fix CCTV cameras in a rich house. While fixing the job, he learns that the house belongs to the central Education-HRD Minister Devaraj's. Despite properly fixing the CCTV cameras, they are not be paid and are insulted.
Minister Devaraj orders to close several engineering colleges citing that they do not have either facilities or the required staffpower and around 10 colleges are closed in Chennai. Within 10 days, he approves the colleges which pay him astronomical bribes. As a result engineering colleges are forced to collect extra fees from the students to match up to the Minister's bribe. The students from financially weak families are unable to pay this last minute fees as the year end sem is nearing. One such student of final year commits suicide on the electric in front of Sakthi. Later Sakthi realizes that the reason behind the suicide is the bribe paid to the Minister.
He used his technological skills to expose the bribe racket of the education minister through social media. He sends his electronic surveillance bug to the place where the minister stores his new found bribe. Arul,the brother-in-law of the minister is captured on screen with the cash and the video goes viral. Though arul denies any involvement of the minister, the media outrage causes the Prime minister to fire devaraj from minister post.Though the Now the minister has to prove himself innocent. So he kills arul when arul was about to reveal sakthi' name to him, but does'nt. Later Devaraj captures sakthi , but sakthi beat him and his hetchmen blue and black. he forces Devaraj to reveal the locations of all of his black money and then kills him. Sakthi takes his CCTV amount and then reveals the location of money to a CBI senior officer, who seizes it all.