Zero

The movie starts off with the story of how God created Adam and Eve. Then, the screen moves to the present where they show newly wedded couple Bala (Ashwin Kakumanu) and Priya (Sshivada) moving into their new apartment. Bala's father does not approve of the marriage because of a history of mental illness in Priya's family. Her mother had gone mad after she was pregnant with Priya, and died giving birth to her. Bala accepts Priya even after knowing her past. After moving into their new home, the young couple visit a store where she takes some lipstick without paying and claims she does not remember taking it. She argues with the security guard and is forced to leave. After returning home and refusing to meet Bala's visiting father, she shares her past with her neighbour and how she cannot get pregnant. Later that night, Priya dreams about her mother and talks to her about how they called her a thief, and initially reluctant, she accepts that she did steal the lipstick and how she has an affinity towards pink color and how she enjoys it, and after that, she soon enters a world where her mother is and starts sleepwalking at night. This is the part where weird things starts to happen around her and she starts seeing illusions and becomes almost mad and stabs Bala one day. She gets stucked into the world her mom is and Lillith (Adreanne) starts to roam freely after taking over the body of Priya. Bala searches for Solomon (JD Chakravarthy), who has the supernatural ability to speak with ghosts and is an occult specialist and explains the situation to him. Solomon confronts the possessed Priya and when Priya touches Solomon, he sees everything about the being called Lillith who was created before Eve at the beginning of the time with Adam and how when Lilith rebelled and abandoned Adam did God create Eve as Adam's better half. God had cursed Lilith for abandoning Adam with the inability to have a child and Lilith conceived so many times with the devil's child but every child was dead as still born, and she finally becomes a hateful spirit who, over the time as a spirit, tortured caused pregnant women to miscarry, and kill themselves and trapping their soul in her spirit world, and Priya is the only child to escape her death, and now she wants to destroy the world as part of devils' bidding. It is revealed that The Devil himself, in the form of a snake has sent Lilith to carry his mission to destroy the world. Since Bala is a hindrance in her mission, she decides to kill him, but the Devil suggests that since Lilith resides in Priya's body and if Lilith touches Bala, her powers will be lost, as Priya and Bala have been soulmates for several births and their love is stronger than Lilith. Solomon explains the situation to other priests and priests from different parts of the world come together to challenge Lillith and they fail. When Lillith tries to choke Bala, he touches her, and Priya starts to remember all the times they spent together and gets unpossessed, and when Lillith was about to possess Priya again God froze time and saves the world and the God blesses Priya with pregnancy, it is then revealed that God chose the couple to be the parents of his child. The film ends with the Devil in the form a snake taking his usual form of a giant human and vowing to complete his mission by himself, hinting at a possible sequel.