Classmates

Ravi (Sumanth), Raaji (Sadha), Satish (Ravi Varma), Razia (Kamalinee Mukherjee), and Baddu (Sunil) were classmates of 90's batch and meet after ten years for a get-together arranged by their professor Kota Srinivasa rao. Now everyone was present except for Murali (Sharwanand), who died of asthmatic attack during last semester of their college. Slowly their flashbacks start to reveal and exposes their relationships.
While in college Ravi and Raaji used to fight but fall in love some time after. Satish wants to pursue career in politics and wants to move close with Raaji, who was the daughter of a political leader. He encourages Raaji to nominate in college elections, opposite to Ravi. This slowly leads to fights between Raaji and Ravi. One day during a commotion Ravi suffocates Murali, mistaking him for a goon in darkness. Murali, who was an asthmatic dies in that shock. Ravi comes to know of his mistake later and repentantly leaves the college without telling anyone. Everybody, including Murali's father (Kota Srinivasa rao) thinks that Murali just died of an asthmatic attack. Raaji thinks that Ravi left college because of their fights. She tries to find his whereabouts but fails. Satish later confesses to her that he willingly caused fights between them to help her win but he never intended them to separate.
In the present day, somebody attacks Ravi in darkness and tries to strangulate him. Police investigate but find no clue. Gradually it is revealed that Razia, shy and reserved girl tried to kill Ravi. She happens to overhear conversation between Ravi and Raaju, and comes to know that Ravi was the cause of Murali's death. Razia and Murali were sweethearts and even made plans to escape together on the night of his death. Her life becomes miserable after that and she still mourns Murali's death. Ravi apologizes for killing Murali unknowingly and Razia forgives him. She also asks Ravi for an apology and Murali's parents adopt her as a daughter. Ravi and Raaji reconcile too and marry. Everyone leaves happily promising that they would meet again.