Goliyon Ki Rasleela Ram-Leela

In the fictional Gujarati village Ranjaar, infamous for its uninhibited manufacture and sale of arms and ammunition, two clans—Rajadi and Sanera—have been at odds with each other for the past 500 years. A violent altercation between the two occur after Bhavani, a Sanera, fires at the son of Meghjibai, a Rajadi chieftain. Bhavani is almost killed by Meghjibai but Ram, Meghjibai's younger brother, intervenes and saves Bahavani. All the Rajadi elders are irked by Ram being a vagabond who deals in porn films and stolen cars, with his mindset of making truce with the other clan.
During the festival of Holi, Ram boldly enters the house of the Sanera heads and flirts with Leela while her mother, Dhankor Baa, the chieftain of the Saneras, is busy arranging a match for her daughter with a simple-minded NRI. Leela's elder brother, Kanji, is angered by Ram's entry in the house and bribes the local police to raid Ram's house. Ram, however, manages to convince the policemen to leave in exchange for a set of his blue films. Ram and Leela develop a romance and plan to elope but a grim turn of events follows when Kanji accidentally kills Meghji, Ram's brother, and is in turn killed by Ram.
To escape the suffering, Ram and Leela elope and marry but just as they are about to consummate their marriage, Ram's friends trace them and betray him by inebriating him and informing Leela's family of their location. The next morning, Leela is forcibly taken back home by Bhavani, her cousin, while Ram is hailed as a hero by the Rajadis for soiling Leela's reputation. He is rewarded by being made the new chieftain of the Rajadis.
Meanwhile, Dhankor Baa arranges the engagement of Leela and the NRI, much to the chagrin of the pair. Leela refuses, citing that her finger is already occupied by the ring from her marriage to Ram. In her anger, Dhankor Baa chops off Leela's finger. Upon learning of this, Ram does the same to his own finger and visits Leela while she is asleep. Leela still retains faith in Ram and sends Rasila, the widow of Kanji, to give Ram an ultimatum to take her away. Rasila is assaulted by Ram's friends and when Dhankor Baa learns of this, she sends Bhavani and other men to assault Kesar, Meghji's widow, who manages to evade them.
In response to the attempt on Kesar, Ram storms into Leela's house and incapacitates the guards single-handedly. He then requests Dhankor Baa to consider negotiation for peace, and she invites him to celebrate Navratri with the Saneras, with the intention of having him killed. However, at the event, Bhavani secretly shoots and seriously injures Dhankor Baa to place the blame on the Rajadi. Leela is made the chieftain of the Saneras and gets busy tending to her mother. She bitterly carries out a negotiation with Ram, equally dividing the travel routes and trades, with the condition that the Saneras and Rajadis will not interact with each other ever again.
Bhavani, who does not tolerate this development, deceives Leela into blindly signing a document that orders unrestrained killings of the Rajadis. During Dusshera, as the Ramlila parade is ending, many of the Rajadis are killed and the village is on the brink of war, which Ram senses. Ram and Leela decide that they are each the other's soulmate and shoot one another dead, all the while oblivious to the fact that Dhankor Baa has undergone a change of heart and has killed Bhavani, ordering that peace be made with the other clan. The two clans come together to cremate the bodies of the lovers.