Walter Vetrivel

Walter Vetrivel (Sathyaraj) is an I.P.S. officer. Sumathi (Sukanya) is a dancer and a witness to a gang who film people being raped. Walter falls in love with Sumati after seeing her helping attitude to disabled children. Walter and Sumathi marriage get fixed. But Satyraj younger brother worries that Sukanya has seen him taking the photo while villains try rape on Sukanya and tells the villain the place where Satyraj hides Sukanya. The villains beat severely and Sukanya become blind. Walter and Sumathi get married. Nazar was a police man under Satyraj and helps in the escape of the villains from jail. Satyraj finds out Nazar as a lier but Nazar gives resignation from Police Department. Nazar becomes minister later and appoints Satyraj as his security. Sukanya becomes pregnant and tells she will be unlucky for unable to see the child. The doctor tells to show to an expert doctor and her blindness go off. But Satyraj brother is now worried and adds poison in milk to kill Sukanya, but Sukanya gives the milk to the child and their child dies. Satyraj is appointed as special security for Nazar for a stage speech. Now Sukanya operation getting done, Satyraj knows villains will attack Sukanya again, Satyraj tells Nazar that his wife's life in danger so he needs to go to hospital but Nazar start speech in the stage and humiliates Satyraj. Now Satyraj instead of saluting in front of the public, beats Nazar and tells of Nazar's previous life as a corrupt police who now became a corrupt politician. Nazars coolie rowdies put fire in the stage where Satyraj openly tells of Nazar's previous life. After hearing everything, people support Satyraj. Meanwhile in the hospital Sukanya's eye operation gets over, before Sukanya's eye dressing gets open, villain come again to attack Sukanya but Satyraj saves her after a big fight in a dark room where a villain tries to attack Satyraj with a torch. Finally Satyraj hits the villain onto an electric board in the room and kills him. Sukanya's eye bandage gets opened and she regains eyesight. A family photo shown Sukanya identifies the photographer who took a photo for the villain as Satyraj's brother. Though Sukanya sad knowing the brother as villain side, Satyraj is full of anger and tries to chase the brother, who enters in villain swamy area where Satyraj hits down the false swamy and his gundas. Sametime Nazar also gets from Satyraj. Now Satyraj gets hit on the head with a bar by the brother. Satyraj again chases the brother to the top of the building, where he holds a child as a hostage. Seeing no other way to save the child, Vetrivel, the honest cop as he is, shoots his brother in the head. The movie ends with Vetrivel carrying back the dead body of his brother.