Arivaali

Aalavanthan (Sivaji Ganesan) is a graduate who works hard for the poor farmers in his village and opposes the Zamindar Azhagu Singam (S. V. Ramadas) rule . Aalavanthan is aided by his close friend Muthuvel (K. A. Thangavelu), a social activist-journalist. In turn, Muthu's father Nallamuthu Naicker (T. S. Balaiah) is an land agent who supports the Zamindar. Muthuvel loves an uneducated village belle Thangalakshmi (T. P. Muthulakshmi), marries her and moves out as he does not like his father's bad deeds. There will be many occasions where her illiteracy is the highlight comedy of this movie.
Thandapani Pillai (K. Sarangkapani) is a wealthy man who wishes to get his arrogant and spoiled daughter Manorama (P. Bhanumathi) married and willing to give away Rs. 1 lakhs and 60 acres of land for the groom who is willing to wed her. Aalavanthan learns regarding this from his friend Tom Kumar (T. R. Ramachandran) and wishes to marry her as the dowry could be able to help the poor farmers. Tom Kumar is in love with Manorama's younger sister India (M. Saroja). Manorama has the habit of doing the opposite action of what Aalavanthan wishes or says. Aalavanthan uses this as an advantage to marry Manorama. Tom Kumar and India is also married at the same time.
Aalavanthan starts his plan to tame Manorama up by creating all kinds of discomforts to her. In turn Manorama realises her mistakes, repents and becomes a good wife till to extent of becoming Aalavanthan's advisor. Aalavanthan meets up the Zamindar to discuss about the land issue where Aalavanthan meets Mohini (Gemini Chandra) who is his college mate and also Zamindar's fiancee. Upon Mohini's persuasion the Zamindar agrees, he and Aalavanthan becomes friends and arranges to start up a cooperative farm in their village. Upon knowing this, Nallamuthu Naicker hatches a plan by making up story about Aalavanthan and Mohini's affair with the help of Thandapani Pillai's servant, Kandhasami (Ennatha Kannaiya). Manorama does not believe this but the Zamindar does and injures Aalavanthan. The village people comes to know about this incident and groups up to attack the Zamindar. Muthuvel and Manorama learns the truth from Kandhasami about Nallamuthu Naicker's wicked plan and forces Nallamuthu Naicker's to confess and admit to the village people of his wrongdoings. The Zamindar apologies to Aalvanthan and donates his 1000 acres of the land to the villagers aid.
All goes well and Alavanthan succeeds in starting cooperative farm in their village. Aalavanthan and Manorama becomes a good loving husband and wife.