Pandavulu Pandavulu Tummeda

In the Andhra Pradesh-Karnataka border, there are 2 villages named Pandavapuram and Kauravapuram. Dharmanna (Giri Babu) is the Head of Pandavapuram village who is considered as the latest descendant of the Pandavas while Suyodhana (Mukesh Rishi) is the Head of Kauravapuram village who too is considered as the latest descendant of the Kauravas. As expected, Dharmanna is a good Samaritan while Suyodhana is a dangerous criminal who runs a quarry business. Similar to the tale of Mahabharatha, here in this film too, Dharmanna and Suyodhana play the game of cards in which Suyodhana fails which makes him to follow the stipulation of the game - No celebration, marriage and any good events should not be conducted for 14 years. This leaves Suyodhana swearing vengeance and exactly after 14 years, by manipulation, Suyodhana wins the game and asks Dharmanna to give his daughter's hand with his youngest son's marriage. Thus to ensure his daughter Honey (Hansika Motwani)'s safety, Dharmanna sends her to Bangkok along with his friend and his friend's daughter. There she stays with Satya (Raveena Tandon)'s family and starts working with her sons Vijay (Manchu Vishnu) and Gopal (Vennela Kishore) in a successful boat business.
On a separate note, Naidu (Mohan Babu) is a tourist guide in Bangkok and his three sons Ajay (Manchu Manoj), Varun (Varun Sandesh) and Lucky (Tanish) are fit for nothing cons. Naidu, who is a very disciplined man, keeps on punishing them for their misdeeds. On the other hand, Vijay turns into a very short tempered man if one raises a finger towards him and always, in any case, Vijay keeps on breaking those fingers pointing him. Gopal is a stuttering person while Lucky is a dumb person. While Vijay and Gopal emotionally blackmail Satya that they would have been happy if their father was there, Ajay, Varun and Lucky would emotionally blackmail Naidu that they would have been happy if their mother was there as she would support them and defend Naidu. Including Honey, only Naidu and Satya knew that the five men are orphans and Naidu, Satya sacrificed their love to raise them and still remained unmarried as their marriage was put on hold during their young days by Satya's father Subba Rao (Dasari Narayana Rao) as Naidu was a poor man then. Honey somehow manages to unite them and gets them married and makes arrangements to bring all the five men under one roof. Satya's sons and Naidu's sons keep quarreling always till they come to know that they are orphans. They conceal the fact before their new parents that they knew about their identity in order to not to hurt them. Vijay is in love with Honey and when Honey is going to propose him, Suyodhana's son-in-law Siddha (Raghu Babu) reaches Bangkok along with his men and forcibly takes her back to Kauravapuram in India.
The new family comes to know about the game of cards, its stipulations and consequences from Dharmanna's friend which makes Naidu to promise Dharmanna that he would bring Honey back to Pandavapuram without any violence. Thus with reference to the Virata Parva of Mahabharata, the whole family enters Suyodhana's house in disguise. First Naidu and Varun enter into the good books of Suyodhana's elder sons Guna (Supreet) and Gana (Bharani) and then enter the house as Graharaja, a powerful astrologer and Upagraharaja, his assistant. Satya, Lucky and Gopal enter the house as Satya Menon, a Malayali cook and her assistants. Vijay makes an entry as Gambler Gopi, a skilled gambler and fan of Suyodhana. Meanwhile Suyodhana's Brother-in-law Bapure (Brahmanandam), a Telugu freak and over suspicious person and his westernized daughter Kuchala Kumari (Pranitha Subhash), KuKu for short whom Bapure wishes to turn into a Traditional Telugu girl. Finally Ajay makes an entry in a female attire as Mohini, Gambler Gopi's sister-in-law who loves Gopi. Ajay in the disguise of Mohini makes Guna, Gana and Honey's wouldbe Gaja fall for her charms and KuKu who knows Mohini's real identity is in Mutual love with Ajay. Though Bapure is fond of commenting and complaining on people, Graharaja fixes him in such a situation that if he does it, he would die the next moment. On the day of marriage of Honey and Gaja, Mohini creates a brawl between the three brothers and fakes her death.
In order to escape from the clutches of Mohini's brother Mohan, a police officer, Graharaja advises to Suyodhana to conduct the marriage of Gopi and Honey so that Mohan, who is a police officer would punish Gopi for Mohini's death. Mohan turns out to be Ajay in a police uniform and since Suyodhana's family does not know about Ajay's identity, they remain silent. The marriage is conducted and after the rituals get completed, the drama is exposed to Suyodhana's family by Guna as he finds out that the corpse of Mohini thrown in the well was a doll. Naidu is shot with a gun by Suyodhana at Naidu's arm which makes the five furious. A riot happens in which Naidu and his sons emerge victorious. Finally Bapure is forced to accept the marriage of Ajay and KuKu after he comes to know the truth since the couple is in love.