London

Sivaraman (Prashanth), an easy going young man, comes to London in search of a job. He loses all his certificates. Finds Kadhir (Pandiarajan), wandering in London aimlessly without a job. Now they need job & money. Kadhir persuades Sivaraman to join in a bank robbery planned by Baskar (Manivannan) - his stammering brother Natrajan (Mayilsamy) & Aishwarya (Mumtaj), who is Baskar‘s lover which lands them in more trouble as the robbery ends vainly. Aishwarya informs the police about the robbery & tells that the entire plan was hatched by Baskar. Baskar hides the money before getting arrested & the place is known only to his lawyer - Vedimuthu (Vadivelu). Aishwarya fakes to be in love with Vedimuthu to find where the money is hidden.
Meanwhile, to find a safe cover Sivaraman & Kadhir plan to imitate Saravanan, the grandson of rich elderly couple, (Vijayakumar and wife Parvathy (Srividya)). They haven't seen their grandchild since his birth. Sivaraman & Kadhir end up disguising with the body of Kadhir & the voice of Sivaraman to make up for Saravanan in front of the blind couple. Ganesh (Delhi Ganesh), who knows Kadhir before, makes several attempts to expose the truth to the old couple. But all fail to the luck of the Sivaraman & Kadhir. All of a sudden Anjali (Ankitha) arrives in the disguises of lover of Saravanan. She calls on all the relatives of the blind couple. The relatives arrive in the absence of Sivaraman. Finding no-way out Kadhir pretends to have fainted unconscious & he gets admitted to hospital. Sivaraman comes to his rescue & says that he is Dr. Karthikeyan, a friend of Saravanan from America.
Amidst their drama, Kadhir tries to steal the statue of Lord Muruga for which he plays a trick to injure the old blind woman which keeps all others out of the house for sometime. Sivaraman engages in a fight with Kadhir when he tries to leave with the statue he had stolen. The old man accuses his relatives for his wife’s accident & asks all his relatives to leave at once. Sivaraman & Kadhir gets desperate. Anjali reveals that she is Saravanan's actual lover & Saravanan died in an accident in America. She had come to intimate this to the old couple. After revealing all this she gives them money & asks them to get out of the house. Sivaraman refuses to take the money & asks Kadhir not to take the money. Kadhir leaves Sivaraman in anger taking the money with him. Sivaraman returns to the old man & confesses all his mistakes. The old man asks them to continue the drama for the sake of his wife Parvathy, who loves her grandson more than her life. Parvathy comes & calls Saravanan but she gets no replies but finally gets hold of Kadhir's arms who has returned in remorse.