Em Magan

Thirumalai (Nasser) owns a provision store in a village and lives with his family comprising his wife (Saranya Ponvannan), brother-in-law Karupatti Ayyakannu (Vadivelu), son Krishnan (Bharath) and a daughter. Thirumalai is very strict, short tempered and is referred as "Emden" by his relatives. Krishnan studies poultry science in a college and also assists his father in managing the store. Krishnan worries about his father’s rude behaviour towards him.
Divya (Gajala) is Krishnan’s class mate and she is also the daughter of the auditor who manages Thirumalai’s accounts. Divya proposes to Krishnan, who does not reciprocate as he loves his maternal uncle’s (Shanmugarajan) daughter, Janani (Gopika). But enmity prevails between Thirumalai and his in laws’ family. Krishnan lives with the hope that the two families will unite someday paving the way for his wedding.
Thirumalai’s father-in-law (Ennatha Kannaya) passes away and the two families come to talking terms forgetting the enmity during the condolence. Krishnan feels excited waiting to meet Janani after so many years. Janani also reciprocates the same feeling towards Krishnan and both love each other. One day, Krishnan is tempted to kiss Janani when there is power cut. But power comes suddenly and the entire family spots Krishnan kissing Janani.
Thirumalai and Janani’s father get furious seeing this. Clash erupts between Thirumalai and Janani’s father upon blaming each other for the incident. Thirumalai beats up Krishnan and takes his family back home. But Janani secretly hides in the car boot and comes along with them to Krishnan’s house. Seeing this, Thirumalai gets even more furious and sends both Krishnan and Janani out of home.
Krishnan marries Janani and meets Divya’s father and requests to help him find a job as he has now completed his college degree. Krishnan successfully secures a job in a poultry farm with the help of Divya’s father. Krishna works hard and his career progresses well. His lifestyle improves. One day, Thirumalai needs the signature of his son Krishnan as he wanted to sell a property and he goes to meet Krishnan. Thirumalai feels happy seeing his son in a good status but returns without expressing his happiness.
Krishnan comes to meet his father with an alliance to be seen for his sister. An emotional conversation happens between them where Krishnan expresses his feeling. Janani gives birth to a baby and a function is organized by Krishnan at his home for which he invites his parents. In the end, Thirumalai overcomes his ego and expresses his happiness seeing his son’s growth and finally unites with him. The movie ends showing the family leading a joyful life together.