The Bishop Murder Case

Looking out from his private balcony, elderly Prof. Dillard and his servant see the body of family friend Joseph Robin with an arrow in his chest. Dillard calls district attorney Markham, who brings in private detective Philo Vance and lazy police detective Heath. Vance quickly deduces that the arrow scene was staged (Robin was actually bludgeoned inside the house), but there is no obvious suspect.
Vance and the others repeatedly interview Dillard and his friends and neighbors. Living with Dillard is his niece Belle; Dillard's adopted son, Sigurd Arnesson, who is also Belle's boyfriend, returns from college on hearing of the crime. In the next house are the Drukkers, a brother and sister: she feels responsible for a serious injury he still suffers from, and is now very frail and agoraphobic. She says she saw nothing of the crime; her brother says he heard her screaming in her room, which she denies. He also admits to being in Dillard's house before the murder. Another neighbor is John Pardee, a chess enthusiast, who seems to be overly interested in the case.
A taunting typewritten note is found, signed "The Bishop". It alludes to the nursery rhyme "Cock Robin": Robin was nicknamed Cock Robin, and another visitor at the house that day was named Sperling—German for "Sparrow". However, Sperling eventually proves to have a solid alibi. Dillard has no typewriter in the house, and neither Drukker's nor Bishop's matches the note.
Later a friend of Arnesson's, named John, is found murdered. He was shot in the top of the head, apparently in allusion to Jack's injury in the rhyme "Jack and Jill". Then Drukker, sitting on a low wall in a park at night, is pulled off the wall and murdered. "The Bishop" continues sending notes about each crime, connecting the last one to "Humpty Dumpty". Drukker's sister is found dead also, perhaps from fright, and a valuable notebook about his research work is missing from their home. A chess bishop has been left in her hand.
Heath and Markham become suspicious of Pardee and go to arrest him, but find him dead. Next to his body, obviously built after he died, is a house of cards with a chess bishop on top: it is "This Is the House That Jack Built". Later, Dillard expresses some misgivings about Arnesson, and mentions the Henrik Ibsen play The Pretenders, which Arnesson is fond of.
That night, after Belle says goodnight to Arnesson, she makes her way into the attic and finds the typewriter that "The Bishop" used for his notes. At this point she is jumped from behind.
Mulling over Dillard's words later that night, Vance suddenly realizes that one of the characters in The Pretenders is a bishop—named Arnesson. He rushes back to Dillard's house together with Markham, Heath, and more police. Arnesson's window is open and neither he nor Belle is in their room. Dillard joins the group to search the house, breaking down the locked door to the attic. There they find the typewriter, but not Belle, who is lying bound and gagged in a nearby cupola.
Downstairs, they are talking to Dillard when Arnesson returns. When Vance accuses him, he acts guilty. Meanwhile Dillard surreptitiously pours some powder from a compartment in his ring into a wine glass. As things calm down and Arnesson is about to be arrested, Dillard offers him a glass, then pours more wine for himself; but Vance announces that he has switched the glasses.
Dillard is the murderer, and was trying to fake Arnesson's suicide. He wanted to be Belle's only friend. He originally only intended to kill Robin and frame Arnesson, but developed the more elaborate scheme when he realized Miss Drukker must have witnessed his actions. Vance had tipped Arnesson to act guilty, and had Heath search the cupola after Dillard left the attic; Belle is fine.
Arnesson and Belle embrace, and Vance stops Heath from carelessly drinking the poison.