Crossroads to Crime

While on foot patrol, Police Constable Don Ross (Anthony Oliver) chances upon a gang of lorry hijackers operating from the back of a transport café. After seeing Diamond (George Murcell) and Johnny (David Graham) drive off in a car with the manageress, Connie Williams (Miriam Karlin), apparently being held hostage in the back seat, Ross jumps onto and clings to the vehicle's side; however, he is quickly thrown into the road, suffering a head injury. Pretending to have come across the disorientated officer purely by chance, Diamond and Johnny drop Ross off at his home. Later, Williams is brought before the hijackers' wealthy ringleader, Miles (Ferdy Mayne), who warns her not to betray the gang to the authorities.
Despite strong evidence linking the gang to a spate of vehicle thefts along the A1 road, Ross is unable to persuade his superior, Sergeant Pearson (Arthur Rigby), to investigate the café. He therefore pursues the matter on his own, confronting Diamond with his knowledge and forcing the gangster to bribe him in exchange for his silence. When Pearson learns of Ross' private investigation, he threatens the officer's job, causing tension between Ross and his wife Joan (Patricia Heneghan).
Ross continues to gather evidence while the hijackers capture a shipment of cigarettes worth £10,000. As the gang prepare to make one last raid – their target being a £20,000 haul of nickel ingots – Ross himself joins the operation with the aim of exposing Miles. Having uncovered the truth behind Ross's actions, Diamond pulls a gun on the officer and chases him through the cellars underneath the café. Wounding Ross with one of his bullets, Diamond eventually corners him, only to be shot dead by Johnny – an undercover detective who has successfully infiltrated the gang. Johnny informs Ross that the authorities are already aware of Miles' location and that he and the rest of the gang will soon be apprehended. Ross returns to his former life as an ordinary beat constable.