Bandish

Kishan (Rajesh Khanna) is the spoilt son of a rich businessman. He is a medical student, for whom the life is all about playing pranks and troubling the people around. Finally, he is taught a lesson in humility by fellow student, Madhu (Hema Malini). He undergoes a dramatic change in outlook and falls in love with her. Kishan promises his father (Om Prakash), that he will marry Madhu and on the day of engagement, while Madhu is on her way to meet Kishan, she becomes the only witness to a murder of an individual, who happened to be father-in-law of Kapilkumar. On her death-bed, Kishan promises Madhu that he would kill whoever is responsible for the death. But his joy is short-lived as Kapilkumar (Danny Denzongpa) kills Madhu. Kishan is devastated and carries on a manhunt for Kapil Kumar. He finally recognizes Kapil on a train and in the ensuing scuffle, Kapil pushes Kishan off the running train. When Kishan regains consciousness, he is amazed to see Madhu (Hema Malini). Madhu lives in the village with her mother Ratnamani (Nalini Jaywant). On following her, he realizes that she is the twin sister of Madhu named as Chanchal, who always talks about the characters of films. Chanchal soon understands that Madhu and Kishan had loved each-other and that Madhu has expired. Hence, Chanchal decides to go missing and comes back to the village as Madhu. He then starts practising medicine in their small village as this was what Madhu wanted to do. With time, both are drawn towards each other until one day, Kapil is in front of them once again. In the village he meets a woman (Tanuja), who asks Kishan to save her husband, who has been shot by a bullet. Kishan soon realises that the woman's husband is Kapil and refuses to help, but the woman insists that he is a doctor and must save the patient. Kishan manages to save him, but has to cut a hand of Kapilkumar. Kapilkumar gets angry at his wife for getting him treated from Kishan and runs away to search for Kishan and attack Kishan. What Kishan does not know is that Kapil is his elder brother who was separated when they were young. Later, he comes to know that their father (Om Prakash) had a worker (Om Shivpuri) at their home, who had decided to take one of the children with a birthmark on the right hand, to use the child for his business. On realising that Kishan is his brother, Kapilkumar accepts his mistake and fights with his boss Om Shivpuri to save his kidnapped father Om Prakash and to save Chanchal-Kishan. Kishan ensures that no one dies and manages to defuse the bomb kept by Om Shivpuri. Kapilkumar apologies to his wife for killing her father and goes to jail.