Aurat

Parvathi (Padmini) is the elder daughter of a family with eight children who is the primary bread earner of her house. Her aim is to bring up her family position and marry off all her sisters, which include a dumb girl. So she spends her whole life and struggles hard to educate her brother Suresh (Rajesh Khanna) and make him a doctor so that he can lend her a helping hand. Though she works hard, she smiles at times when she meets a man (Feroz Khan), for whom she has a liking, but her circumstances prevent her moving further.
Manoharilal, an aged rich man and father of six children wants to marry again and searches for a bride and keeps an eye on Parvati. A proposal for marriage is raised on his behalf, to which Suresh and Parvati's mother do not accept, even though he has money. But Parvati accepts the proposal on the grounds that her family position will improve if she marries him. Suresh tries his level best to make her back-off from the marriage, but she does not accept it. Parvati marries Manoharilal and steps into his family.
Manoharilal's family members, who are against his marriage, do not welcome Parvati to their home due to fear of the step-mother. Suresh worries about the situation of her sister in the new home, but Parvati manages to win the love of all her husband's children. Parvati spends most of the time with the children and this irritates her husband. So she behaves in the way which is liked by her husband, but not liked by herself. At times, he suspects the fidelity of his wife and assumes that she has an affair with some other man and tortures her. Suresh and Manoharilal's sister get attracted towards each other, but it is strongly opposed by Manoharilal. Hence he stops aiding Suresh's education, but somehow Manoharilal's sister manages money for his studies by getting money from a man. Because of which, she frequently visits a hotel. Suresh passes in his final examination and cheers Parvati.
Manoharilal arranges for a groom visit for his sister. The groom looks at the bride and is shocked as he has seen her frequently coming to a hotel and assumes that she is a dirty woman earning money in a dirty way. This shocks Parvati and Manoharilal. But the fact is the money for Suresh's education is provided by the man whom Parvati wanted to marry in the beginning. She also finds that he married the dumb sister. Manoharilal realises his mistake and unites his sister with Suresh and all live happily.