Kadhalan

Prabhu, the student chairman of Chennai's Government Arts College, is asked by his principal to invite the Governor of Tamil Nadu, Kakarla Sathyanarayana Moorthy, to be the chief guest on the annual day of the college. When he goes to invite Kakarla, he bumps into his daughter Shruthi, instantly falling in love with her. To propose his love for her, he joins the same dance class as her. She too subsequently gets to know more about him and falls in love with him. Since there is considerable fear of terrorism in the state, Kakarla does not permit his daughter to travel anywhere without bodyguards. On one occasion, she manages to give them the slip and runs away with Prabhu at a dance festival. Shortly after, there is the threat of a bomb being planted. Shruthi is immediately brought home, and Prabhu is arrested. Shruthi is forbidden to see Prabhu. After being beaten severely, Prabhu is released from police custody and taken back home, tended by his police father Kathiresan. He then goes to meet Shruthi, unaware of the changed circumstances. This is where he finds evidence that will lead him to a hideout of bomb specialist Mallikarjuna, the mastermind of all the bomb blasts. Prabhu realizes that Mallikarjuna has been working for Kakarla to kill innocent civilians with bombs. Kakarla pays Mallikarjuna to put a bomb in the Government General Hospital. Kakarla betrays Mallikarjuna by trying to kill him with a bomb radio. Unfortunately, Mallikarjuna survives, but he's wounded. Mallikarjuna changes the time, so the bomb can explode earlier. When Kakarla shows up, he realizes that Mallikarjuna is still alive, but Mallikarjuna disappears again. Prabhu and other people take the patients out of the Government General Hospital. Kakarla, his wife, and Shruthi get stuck in an elevator. Prabhu finds the bomb and manages to get out of the hospital as soon as possible, so he can throw the bomb off the bridge into the water. The bomb explodes in the water. After Shruthi gets out of the elevator, a wounded Mallikarjuna breaks from the top and electrocutes Kakarla to death. Mallikarjuna also dies because of blood loss. The film ends with the reunion of Prabhu and Shruthi. It's presumed that they got married.