Saradaga Ammayitho

The film begins with Santosh (Varun Sandesh) came to confess his story to a church father (Jeeva) before his confession he suggest to tell his story to his best friend peetambaram(Ali) because he cannot bare to hear the sins of today's youth and that's why he diverted to his best friend. Then santosh meets peetambaram and his wife andallu(mumaith khan) then he narrates his story to both of them they hered his story because on belief that at least they consoles his pain then the god offers them a child.
santosh is a play boy who always thinks about girls and doesn't believe on marriage finally have fun and forget them. His father(suman) is very much worry about his attitude. Santosh has a dream i.e. there is only girls in the world which he only wants to stay in that world. One day Santosh meets a girl called geetha(Nisha Agarwal) in his friends marriage and tries to woo her but she doesn't falls for his tricks then he focuses completely on her tries hard to woo her again but his trials were goes into ruins. Then he approaches her in the name of love. Then both become friends in this process sometimes in the wooing he crosses his limits even though she apologises him. Then one day she came to know about his attitude among girls and his intentions towards her she cuts him off then he lies her that he is a changed man he really loves her he don't think about girls except her. Then she puts some tests on him to prove his love is sincere. Then he accepts the challenge. In the process of his challenge he manages to stay in the girls hostel for a particular period of time. He feels happy that his dream is coming true. Then after some days with a comical circumstances he understands slowly that how the world is miserable without any human relationships he understands the value of women and started respecting them he really changes his attitude on them and starts friendship with those girls even he makes friendship with geetha again. One day santosh's long lost girl's(earlier santosh's parents fix marriage with her but santosh brain washes her to not to marry and enjoy with the boys like him) husband tries to commit suicide then he came to know that after his brain wash she was having an affair with other men. Then he apologies his actions on them and he sets right their relationship. Then geetha was very impressed on his behaviour and says he was qualified her tests. Then this time santosh really falls for her and he want to express his feelings on her. But that day onwards geetha disappears to him. After completion of flashback he says that he really loves her and he don't know the reason why she abandoned him. He toled his story to them because he may find out her if he confessed his story in front of gods.
Meanwhile, in a rehabitation centre Dr. Anjali gives a presentation on the subject of obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) she tells that she treated santosh without knowing him with the help of her colleagues and sends her report to US to achieve a fellowship on her treatment. Then one day suddenly anjali sees santosh in the rehabitation center to came for treatment on mental disability. Then she feels bad about her treatment style. Then her rival doctors take it as a chance to prove her wrong and started treated him under there observation. After some days ekaambaram and andallu came to look her distant relative health in the center and finds out him then he says that actually acting as a mentally disabled patient because he finds out her whereabouts through his father because he requested her to treat him on his disorder. Then he came to win her heart with the sincere attempts. Then andallu says to santosh that after hereing his story she became pregnant happy to here this he started to try to impress her again. After some comical situations anjali realised that she is loving santosh and accepts decides to accept his proposal then a fire accident took place in the center then santosh successfully rescues her and confess everything to her. Then she accepts his apologies and proposal of him and finally they unite.