Urumeen

The film begins with the introduction of Raja Simhan (Bobby Simha), a historical warrior who stood and fought against the British government when it captured India. But he got betrayed by his own friend Karuna, due to which the British officers caught him and took him to be hanged. However, Raja Simhan managed to fight for his life and meet his teacher and friend Mohammad Bin Bashir, with whom he discussed his last wish: to be buried alive, to go away from this world filled with treachery. But, he is buried with a special book in his hands.
Then, the story moves to the present day when he gets reborn as Selva, who is an unemployed young man looking for a job. He comes to Chennai where he starts living with his two male friends, who get him a job of his choice. He also happens to find his love Umayaal (Reshmi Menon) and they come together. But one day she tells him that a man is trying to get close to him, which she doesn't like at all. Selva and his friend follow the man, who is later caught and suddenly burned to death. But he doesn't realise that the man was earlier working for John (Kalaiyarasan), a goon and a businessman, who betrayed Raja Simhan as Karuna. He finds a video footage of Selva and his friend following the man, who is actually John's brother and this triggers a misunderstanding between the two when John thinks Selva killed his brother. Selva is later kidnapped, where with the help of another man kidnapped, who actually burnt that man to death, manages to fight against all goons and escapes. He challenges John through his goon's phone to find him out.
The story then moves to AD 1939, when India was not free from the British, and a British officer's son had come to a village in South India for some days. He expresses his desire to have a translator. Then, Chezhiyan, the reincarnation of Raja Simhan, rather the second generation of Selva, and his friend Krishna, reborn as John, are called. Viduthalai (Appukutty), another good friend of Chezhiyan reborn as the security guy in Selva's office, joins him. Chezhiyan decides to interact but also makes it clear that he won't bend in front of him. Soon, Chezhiyan and the officer's son develop a feeling of enmity, which increases when Chezhiyan refuses to play chess with him and indeed hits him so hard that he loses one of his ears. Chezhiyan is brought to a field by Krishna whose true colours are revealed later on that he had joined hands with the officer's son in exchange for power. Chezhiyan fights bravely, but is severely injured and killed by the officer's son.
Selva realises this thing while reading the book in a metro tunnel site. Suddenly, while reading the book, a liquid drops from the ceiling on the book, which results in various patterns being formed on the page. A furious Selva gets the indication and breaks a pipe, which results in several wires getting opened and killing John's men, who too were present along with him. Then, finally comes the turn of John who picks up his gun to shoot Selva, but gets killed when suddenly a metal sheet comes flying and beheads him.