SeeFood

Julius and his friend Pup play around the ocean bed, when two human divers steal several shark eggs from the reef, despite Pup's efforts to prevent it. Julius takes Pup to a sunken ship for dinner, but Pup is too upset to eat anything. Pup meets his friend Octo, who takes Pup to show off his invention; an underwater car, and take it out for a test drive.
Meanwhile a factory, which is polluting the ocean prompts a hostile Moray Eel named Murray to invade the ocean bed with his army of deep sea crabs. The stingray Spin finds a discarded restaurant menu and takes it to Julius's three pilot fish servants. The menu shows a variety of chicken meals, which are only found on land.
Spin and Myrtle lead Julius to a beach, where he is almost stranded, while trying to eat a hen named Heather, but makes it back into the sea. On his next hunt for fish, Julius is caught by a large fish hook and is reeled up on to a boat. His almost finned alive by a group of men, but escapes when a large wave hits the boat.
Pup sights the stolen shark eggs on a wharf being moved into a fishmonger's shed, but Myrtle and Octo refuse to assist him in the dangerous task of liberating them. Pup overhears them talking about his ability to breathe on land, then goes back to the wharf. Myrtle and Julius find out that from interrogating Spin that Pup is endangering himself, then they persuade Octo to help rescue Pup. Meanwhile, Pup has found the shark eggs in a fish shed, but has to hide from the fishmonger .
Octo constructs a robotic suit to allows Julius and his pilot fish take maneuver on land and uses a rocket to launch the suit on to the shore. However, Octo is not concerned that the suit may fall apart as an opportunity to be rid of Julius. The suit crashes into a chicken farm, but while they are soon caught by the chickens and taken to the fish shed, where the fishmonger keeps them captive.
The shark eggs begin to hatch and Pup is able to get them out of the shed before the divers who caught them in the first place had smuggle them away. Myrtle helps Pup the rest of the way. Hearing from his friends that Julius is in trouble, Pup sets off to rescue him, helped by a coconut crab and the chickens, who relented.
As Myrtle and Octo get the shark eggs and two newly hatched sharks to safety, the deep sea dwellers march on. Octo and Myrtle fight off the invaders, helped by Spin (who had collaborated with them previously). Realising that the factory pollution is the source of the problems, Octo procures some old sea mines from a submarine. His friends help him carry the mines to block up the factory pipes depositing the pollution.
Pup, the chickens and the coconut crab, release Julius and his pilot fish. After a brief fight against the fishmonger and his two divers, the shed catches fire. The three humans pursue the escaping animals by dune buggy and motorcycles. As the chase ensues, the chickens get the two divers out of the way.
At the beach, the fishmonger momentarily catches Pup, but Julius rescues him and the fishmonger drives off the edge of a pier, his buggy crashing right into the sea mines and blowing up the factory. The fishmonger and his divers are arrested by the police for the damages caused.
Julius gets out of the suit, returns to the reef and drives away the invading deep sea dwellers. Totally out of danger, Pup and his friends raise the newly hatched sharks, while the chickens play around with Octo's suit until it breaks and sinks into the ocean.