The Flying Scotsman

The film starts with Graeme Obree (Miller), who suffers from crippling bipolar disorder, cycling into a wood where he prepares to hang himself. A flashback to Obree's (Sean Brown) childhood depicts him being physically attacked at school by other pupils, leaving severe psychological scars. One day Obree is given a bicycle by his parents and we see Obree evading the bullies on his bike.
The adult Obree is married with a child. While competing in local races, he runs a failing cycle shop and has to supplement his income as a bicycle courier. Baxter (Cox), a boatyard owner who is (unbeknownst to Obree) a minister, befriends the atheist Obree.
Obree decides to try and beat the hour record. He has neither the funding nor the quality of bicycle required. Determined to succeed, he constructs "Old Faithful", a revolutionary bicycle designed by Obree for maximum efficiency, made up from scrap metal and components from a washing machine. With help from his friend and manager Malky McGovern (Boyd), Obree plans to break the world record in Norway. His first attempt is a failure, but he tries again the following morning and succeeds. His victory is short-lived, and his record is broken by Chris Boardman (Adrian Grove (credited as Adrian Smith)) a week later. The Union Cycliste Internationale changes the rules to discourage Obree from using his experimental bicycle.
Obree is severely depressed the night following his record-making ride. This is exacerbated when Boardman breaks the record. When Obree is confronted in a pub by the four bullies who had victimised him years earlier at school, he becomes completely withdrawn and rarely leaves his house. Baxter attempts to counsel him, but Obree feels betrayed when he discovers that Baxter is the pastor of a local church.
He recovers enough to compete in the Individual Pursuit World Championship in 1993, in which he uses his bicycle design again. The UCI officials begin rigorously enforcing the new ruling, penalizing him for riding in the stance that his bicycle design is intended to support. The physical and emotional exertion take their toll, and he crashes disastrously, breaking his arm.
The plot then returns to the opening of the film. The rope Obree uses to hang himself breaks, and he is found by another cyclist who summons the authorities. Obree initially resists treatment, until Baxter tells him about his wife, who also suffered from bipolar disorder and ultimately took her own life. At Obree's request, his wife, Anne, a hospital nurse, agrees to help him begin treatment.
Obree later makes a comeback and regains his world title. The new bicycle configuration that he uses, which supports the "Superman" stance, is later banned by the UCF after eight riders win gold medals with it.