Dhayam

Eight people enter a room in a company for an interview for the post of CEO. The Room has no windows, the walls are white and has a clock attached to one side. There are 5 men and 3 women. The men include one smart guy in white, one villain in full black, one coward who always bites his nails, one clairvoyant guy who always laughs like a fool and one tall guy who wears a mask. The women include one lady in saree, one in office skirt suit and other one in jeans and shirt. None of their names are revealed.
The company representative enters the hall and addresses that the former CEO committed suicide in the same room and is roaming as a ghost. The interview is simple. Whoever among the 8 candidates remain alive and sane after one hour, will become the CEO. The timer begins.
The evil guy makes fun of everyone and forces the tall guy to remove the mask. But he refuses. After 10 minutes, the lights suddenly go off and when its back on, the tall guy is killed shown hanging from the roof. They believe that the ghost kills people every 10 mins and they must work together to stay alive. The guy who always laugh suddenly begins to laugh hysterically and reveals that he can see ghosts and he laughs whenever he sees one. After Another 10 mins, the laughing guy is killed with a cut. And then the coward dies. People suspect the evil guy and the smart guy knocks him off. Now three ladies remain and the smart guy.
Suddenly the tall guy wakes up and reveals that he is a clone of the smart guy and his look alike. The Smart guy kills him with a gun obtained from a hole in the wall. Then the evil guy becomes conscious and reveals that he is the assistant of the lady in the suit and they have come to the interview together. She orders him to kill the other two ladies. The evil guy kills the girl in the jeans and the smart guy intervenes and kills the suit lady and the evil guy. Now only the saree lady and the smart guy remain. It is then revealed that they are couples and he decides to kill himself to make her the CEO. But she stabs herself and dies. And finally the hero decides to kill himself but the timer runs out and one hour is over and the door is opened.
The smart guy is then made to sit in a chair opposite to a man who is a doctor and it is finally revealed that the smart guy is Ashwin who is none other than the CEO of the company. He didn't die, instead he is suffering from Multiple Personality Disorder and all the remaining 7 characters were his mere imagination. This treatment was done to make him kill all his personalities and cure him. He finally manages to kill them all and is now cured.
The Company representative who first came at the beginning of the interview comes now and talks to Ashwin. He feels happy that Ashwin is safe now and tells him that he had 8 personalities. Ashwin is shocked and asks the officer that he had only 7. But the Officer reveals that he had 8 personalities and the 8th one was that of a doctor. Its then revealed that Ashwin managed to kill only 7 characters and the doctor characted has taken over him completely, thus making him still suffering from MPD. The movie ends with a laugh from Ashwin.