Rickshaw Mama

Bhuvana, A lonely girl who is parentless longs for true love and parental care. Though Bhuvana is a granddaughter of a rich businessman he has no time to spend time with the child. The child wants to travel in the Rickshaw along with other children and she wants to be with Rickshaw Mama (Rickshaw uncle) aka Raja who takes of care of kids with love. Bhuvana is been attempted to kidnap and Raja saves her. Bhuvana is very adamant to go to school in the Rickshaw and her care taker appoints Bhuvana to drop in and pick up from school. Initially Rickshaw Man wonders why is he appointed for pick-up and drop when the child itself is rich enough. Later finds out that the girl is longing for love and affection. He takes care of Bhuvana with full affection and care and looks after her like a father. Since Bhuvana is under his care the kidnappers are not able to kidnap her. Raja brings home a woman and she is very fond of him and she starts loving him. However she is jealous of the child and Raja's affection for the girl, she wanted him solely for her. She drives away the child by saying that Raja will love and take care of his own kid only rather than her. This drives Bhuvana crazy and she runs away. Unfortunately meeting with an accident. Bhuvana is admitted in the hospital and her grand father comes to visit the child. Rickshaw man finds the truth and rushes to see her in the hospital. The grand father is shocked to see him and asks his men to drive him away and Raja is injured. He also finds the truth that the child is his own daughter.
The flashback rolls some years back where Raja was doing a daily job of picking up a college going girl, Gauri to leave her at the college, the daughter of a rich man, she was also too kind to him. One day she overhears her father's telephone conversation where her father plans to kill a man as he would be trapped for his crime if the man gives true statement to police. She begs her father not to do this and her father promises her on seeing his daughter plead. However the man is killed in an accident and Gauri misunderstands that her father killed him as planned. She leaves her home as she didn't want to be a daughter of a rich killer. She goes to Raja and asks him to marry her. Initially he hesitates as she is from a rich family and he is an ordinary man but somehow she convinces him and both get married. Gauri who is now wife of Raja leads a very happy life with her husband and gets pregnant. Raja arranges a bed in a big reputed hospital to admit his wife during her delivery but he meets with an accident and requires a major operation which costs huge in the same hospital. Gauri goes to her father who is a financial loan banker and asks money to him not as his daughter but as a wife of a poor rickshaw man. She however repays the money through her husband's earnings. Days roll by and Gauri suffers labor pain and her husband takes her to the hospital. Since then the case is critical, doctor suggests for an operation. But Raja refuses that no knife should touch his wife's body being very ignorant about the medical condition and advancements and leaves the hospital. But case becomes very critical which forces the doctor to perform caesarian but the girl dies giving birth to a baby girl. Raja finds out about the need for caesarian and permits to it but doctor replies that his wife is already dead giving birth to a still born baby. The girl's rich father takes away his grand daughter. He never even lets Raja see his daughter's dead body.
After knowing the truth the lady apologies for her shameful act to Raja. The rich man is blackmailed by some goons who threatens to kidnap his granddaughter and eventually kidnaps her one day. Raja rushes to save his daughter who is trapped in a water tank which might kill Bhuvana by drowning her into running water any time. He fights with the goons and finally saves the child and reconciles with his father-in-law and his daughter.