Bhadra

Bhadra (Ravi Teja) and Raja (Arjan Bajwa) are the thickest of friends. Bhadra notices Raja's sister, Anu (Meera Jasmine), in video recorded call and attracted to her instantly. After Some days story moved to engagement of Bhadra's sister. The house is full of joy and laughter, awaiting the return of Bhadra from college. However, when Bhadra returns, the family members are shocked. He has brought home a distraught and frightened girl, whom he introduces as his friend, Anu.
The marriage preparations continue, with everyone wondering who the mysterious girl is. Bhadra's uncle, however, cannot control his emotions. He wants his daughter to marry Bhadra, and is afraid that Anu will spoil this. Eventually, Bhadra's uncle confronts him about Anu. Anu gets upset and an argument ensues. Later, as Bhadra and Anu go to a restaurant to eat, a gang comes. Bhadra chases them for a while, and beats all of them up. Realising he has left Anu behind, Bhadra returns to the restaurant. However, Anu is not there. Frightened, he was walking on road where he ecaped from accident saved by his father.Finally, Bhadra's father (Murali Mohan) forces him to tell them what is going on. Then, a flashback begins.
When Raja visits his home village, Bhadra visits along with him. Anu, who returns from London, is impressed by Bhadra, who continually impresses her, based on her tastes. He gets along well with Raja's and Anu's family, in the meanwhile convinces them that he would make a prospective groom for Anu.
Anu's family, mainly her brother Surendra (Prakash Raj) and cousin, are involved in regional gangs in their village. When Anu takes out Bhadra to the temple for a visit, without the knowledge of Surendra, a rival gang member group is attacked by Anu's cousin's group members and one of the member of the rival group gets hold of Anu and threatens to kill Anu. In a swift action of bravery and skill, Bhadra knocks down the rival group member.
After this incident, Surendra gives Bhadra a talk about why things are so violent in the village. He explains how he is a master's degree holder from a prestigious university (BITS Pilani) and how his wife is also a master's degree holder. Unfortunately, due the nature of the villages, the rivalry is deadly and fatal. He ultimately says, even though the villages are violent, he will remain a noble person, with high ideals.
After a few days though, in the most ungrateful manner and a show cowardice, the rival gang fights with fierce brutality, and the rival gang leader Veerayya (Pradeep Rawat) murders Raja's entire family, except Anu. Bhadra makes the promise to Surendra that he will take up the responsibility of Anu and that he will eventually marry her. In the process, he also becomes a rival of Veerayya as he kills his younger brother Tulasi (Subbaraju) to protect Anu. When Veerayya finds out that Tulasi was killed by Bhadra, he decides to kill him instead of Anu.
Meanwhile, Surendra's men trace Anu and bring her to Bhadra's home. Feeling that she is not safe anymore here, Bhadra plans to send her abroad. Anu is not happy with his decision as she loves him.On the day Anu is supposed to leave to London, at the airport, she meets Bhadra and Raja's Friend. The girl tells Anu about Bhadra's devotion for her. She also knows before her family killed they chose Bhadra as her bride groom. She realises she cannot leave Bhadra, and leaves the airport. She manages to find Bhadra, who is fighting the villains. At the end, they embrace and the movie ends.