The Prince of Light

After a brief introduction to some of the main characters of the story, the beginning sees a group of Rishis, led by Vishvamitra, performing a Yajna in a forest not far from Ayodhya, the Capital of the Kingdom of Kosala. This Yajna, like several before it, is interrupted and destroyed by a group of flying demons led by Ravana's Mama(Uncle/Mother's Brother) Maricha. After seeing yet another Yajna destroyed, a despondent Vishvamitra appeals to Lord Vishnu for salvation. Vishnu appears in a spiritual blaze of light, informing him of his saviour- Prince Rama of Ayodhya, first-born of King Dasharatha. Vishvamitra travels to Ayodhya to meet the King and requests him to offer Rama's services to help destroy the demons in the forests. Although the Suryavanshi King is reluctant at first to send his son but he is reassured by the resident Rishi that no harm will come to him and even encouraged to send his third son Lakshmana as an accompaniment.
The three of them then journey into one of the affected forests where Vishvamitra tells them the story of how the once beautiful area was defiled and destroyed by an evil demoness Tataka, mother of Maricha. After informing Rama of his duty, namely to kill Tatakasura, he then starts to teach the boys some mantras which they repeat, drawing the large demoness out. Rama shoots an arrow but he fails. The demoness throws a giant tree at Rama but he moves out the way falling on the ground. Rama gets back up slays her by reciting one of the Rishi's mantras and then shooting the arrow, which hits her in the head. She melts away into a burning fire. Following this deed, the boys are each handed sacred weapons. Rama is given a chakra and is told he will need it when he is in danger. Vishvamitra says he himself gained mastery over as a reward from the gods. The following morning, Maricha sees the boys from over a cliff and declares his intention to avenge his mother's death. The demon attacks Rama who gets pushed back and is loosely holding a shield. Lakshmana kills some of the demons and Rama slightly helps while Maricha himself flies away.
Further on in their travels, the three reach the kingdom of Mithila and witness a procession. During that procession Princess Sita, the King Janaka's daughter, catches sight of Rama and the two fall in love. The people are informed of a Swayamwar(competition) held by King Janaka; the man who could successfully lift and string the heavy bow of Shiva would be rewarded with the hand of Sita in marriage. After several failed attempts by the other princes, Rama steps up and prays to the gods. He tries to lift the bow but he is struggling and nearly drops it. Sita prays and he wins the competition difficulty and a burst of wind flows towards Rama's hair. He marries Sita, returning with her to Ayodhya. They are both happy together.
After several years Rama and Sita were living peacefully and the King announces that with the prospect of troubled times ahead for the Kingdom and his own health failing. Rama looks totally different now with much longer black hair that runs down his back. Rama is shocked to hear this but he is to succeed him as heir. Rama says he will do his best to serve the people. All in the Palace are happy, except for an old nurse Manthara. She informs Kaikeyi while she was doing her hair, the King's third Queen of the news and reminds her of how the King had promised to fulfill two promises to her. She manipulates the initially loyal Queen and convinces her to take advantage of this. Later that night, the Queen meets the King and reminds her of the promise. The King initially agrees to the request, but on hearing her demands he is unwilling to do so and offers her his wealth instead. But the Queen threatens him by informing the people that he reneged on a promise, so he has no option but to accede to her wishes, namely that her own son Bharata be made King and that Rama be sent to exile in the forests for 14 years. While Lakshmana is indignant at circumstances, Rama himself is peaceful about the whole situation and has no ill feelings towards Kaikeyi or anyone else. Sita and Lakshmana then declare their intentions to join him in exile as they feel sorry for him. Sita provides Rama with very old, cotton clothes. A cloth to go round his body and more cloth to go around his waist. Rama ties his hair into a half bun and lets the rest of his hair down. Rama also puts on his ring, a wooden necklace and some old bands. He now looks like a poor forest dweller. Rama then says his goodbyes to everyone in the palace, and consoles his guilt-ridden father who is worried Rama will die. Dasharath looks down at his smaller son and wants to protect him. Rama then says that Lakshmana and Sita will protect him instead. While leaving he addresses the people of Ayodhya, urging them to support King Dasharatha and Bharata. While watching Rama leave, the King then falls to the ground in anguish and is taken to bed. He is worried Rama is going to die. Rama, his wife and brother then board a sailboat on the banks of the Ganges River. Rama closes his eyes and is in tears. Sita is looking at him and Rama is very upset to leave. But Rama wipes his tears and begins his long exile.
Meanwhile, the King, clearly in a state of ill health, slowly fades into death, murmuring Rama's name and saying he will die. He then dies. Bharata, who is away in the Kingdom of Kekeya visiting his grandfather, hears the news and immediately returns to Ayodhya where her mother confirms the sad news as well as the news that he is to be the new King. But far from being happy, the boy is shocked and angered at his mother's treacherous behaviour and demands to know who manipulated her into doing what she did. The youngest brother, Shatrughna, tells him who it is, hauling the culprit Manthara into the room. Dismissing the old woman's pleas for mercy, Shatrughna is about to kill her but is dissuaded by Bharata, who said it will be a sin to slay the head of such dirty person with the holy sword. Bharata then goes to the forests and meets Rama, informing him of the sad news and urging him to return to the Kingdom. The grieving Rama falls to the ground and begins to cry. He blames himself. Bharata tells him its not his fault and Rama wipes his tears. He then tells Bharata that in spite of everything, the wishes of their late father must be respected and adhered to. Bharata then agrees to rule the Kingdom, and Rama to live 14 years in hardship. Bharata hugs his upset brother and pats his black hair. Years later, Rama is now having a peaceful but upsetting time with Sita. They are playing near the water and Sita is cuddling Rama's hair.
A long way away, in the Island of Lanka, the King Ravana and his royal subjects are enjoying a performance when he is informed of the exile of Prince Rama in the forests. Ravana says Rama is weak and is too unworthy to rule his kingdom. Ravana's sister Surpanakha decides to go and see him, enchanted by his famed good looks and beautiful black hair. Disguised as a beautiful lady, she enters the forest of Panchavati, where Rama, his wife and his brother are living an idyllic exile in the beautiful area in harmony with the birds and animals there. She tries to entice Rama by saying he has beautiful long ladylike hair and complements his looks. Rama turns her down and so does Lakshmana. The demoness learns Rama is devoted to Sita and then changes into her original demon form. This scares Rama and the powerful demoness tries to attack Sita. She pushes Rama out the way and he drops a pot onto his feet. Rama is hurt but tries to block Surpanakha's attacks. She hits Rama in the face and Rama falls down. Surpanakha attacks Sita to Rama's grief. Lakshmana then throws his knife, cutting off her nose in the process. Rama who is on the floor sees the demoness running away from Sita. Sita help him get back up and Lakshmana makes sure they are safe. Rama looks up at Sita and promises to protect her and risk his own life for her. The three are relieved at the disappearance of the danger.
The wounded demoness then returns to Lanka and informs Ravana of what happened, and the enraged King of Lanka vows to avenge the attack. He wants Rama to suffer. After a failed attempt to awaken his brother Kumbhakarna from his sleep, Ravana mulls over going to Panchavati himself and decides to do so after being goaded about Sita's beauty by his sister. Along with Maricha, Ravana then goes to Panchavati and reminds his companion of their plan to capture Sita. Ravana is staring at Sita and noticing her beauty. He looks at Rama, who looks very poor and wonders how people respect him and how he was able to marry someone higher than him. Maricha then changes into a golden deer and attracts Sita, who requests Rama to capture the deer alive. Rama agrees, and tells his brother to protect her. While chasing the deer Rama fires an arrow, only to find the deer disappearing instead of being captured. Realising that the deer is a demon, Rama becomes worried it can attack him or Sita. He chases it and gets tired very quickly. The deer then hits Rama who is knocked off balance. Rama then reaches for an arrow and stabs the deer. The demon appears and scratches Rama in the chest. Rama screams and thinks he has killed the demon. The demon however lives long enough to imitate Rama's voice and cry out for help. The demon mentions that Rama will not be seeing his wife ever. Rama is very scared. Sita hears the cry and persuades Lakshmana to go and help him out. He agrees, and sprinkles a ring of rice around their house for protection. Ravana then disguises himself as a rishi and approaches the house to ask Sita for alms. He is repelled by the ring of protection around the house, so he urges Sita to come forward. Eventually Ravana hypnotises Sita and carries her onto his chariot, flying away back to Lanka. Jatayu, an elderly vulture, hears Sita's cries for help and attacks Ravana, telling him to release Sita at once. But Ravana fatally injures Jatayu with his sword and continues on his journey home. The two brothers meet in the forest and Lakshmana sees Rama has been wounded. Rama is hurt but informs Lakshmana that the cry for help was merely the imitation of his voice by the slain demon Maricha and says Sita is in danger. Fearing the worst, they hurry back home to find Sita gone. Rama is very upset at the fact his wife has been taken. He collapses and cries loudly while holding Sita's flower necklace. Tears flow down his face and onto his black hair. He prays to be a better husband but condenses himself. Lakshmana consoles the grieving Rama and tells him to stay strong. Rama is worrying about Sita while tears are making his hair wet. Lakshmana takes the leading role over the heartbroken Rama as Rama is too weak. The brothers then go to another clearing in the forest to find Jatayu, who lives long enough to inform them of the capture of Sita and the ensuing battle between himself and Ravana. Rama continues to cry as his friend had died. After reaching Lanka Sita is taken, screaming, into Ravana's palace at Lanka and placed under the care of one of Ravana's servants. Ravana craves Sita's love and tries to impress her by touching her long black hair.
Meanwhile, Rama and Lakshmana are in the middle of their search for Sita when they come across a demonic mountain called Kabandha, who tries to swallow them. Rama trips over and slides down. He gets back up and shoots an arrow but fails and the demon hits Rama with his strong arm and Rama falls on the ground, hurting his head and flipping over. The arm then hits Rama in the chest and Rama falls very fast onto a tree. The monster then grabs onto the hurt Rama and brings him towards his mouth. Rama screams for help and shouts Lakshman's name. Lakshmana shoots an arrow to the eye of the demon and Rama who is about to fall uses the arrows to slash it. The demon screams and drops Rama. Rama then falls on the ground and the uprooted mountain falls to the ground with the fallen Rama. A bright heavenly spirit then emerges while Rama is healing himself, thanking the brothers for lifting the curse on him and enabling him to return to the heavens, while in return advising them to find Sugriva. Not knowing who Sugriva is, Rama and Lakshmana then continue looking and see a huge palace carved into a hill and decide to go there. They then chance upon a meeting with a flying vanara Hanuman, a messenger to Sugriva, who agrees wholeheartedly to take them to meet him. Sugriva introduces himself to Rama as an exiled vanara King of Kishkindha who himself has been living apart from his wife for several days. He informs Rama of Sita's cries for help that were heard and shows Rama a collection of her jewels which were dropped from the sky. Rama then cries and mentions these are the ornaments in her hair and he drops down producing massive amounts of tears to his wife's scarf. He is crying out Sita's name in sorrow. Lakshman and Sugriva say Rama should not cry. Rama swore to save his wife and made a deal with Sugriva. Rama helps Sugriva by fighting a hard battle with Vali and restores the Kingdom to his friend. In return, Sugriva sends out large search parties to look for Sita in all corners of the country. The search party to the South is led by Hanuman and includes Vali's son Angada, who allies himself with Sugriva, and an elderly bear, Jambavan. Rama gives out his own ornaments to monkeys so Sita can recognise him. He gives Hanuman his wedding ring and tells him to bring her back. The three, along with a senior vanara soldier, enter a cliff in search of water and come out the other side, facing the ocean. There, they meet Sampati, brother of the slain Jatayu. After being informed of his brother's sad demise, the upset and angered bird informs the vanara leaders that Ravana indeed flew over the land they were on now and that he could be found, along with Sita, in the Island of Lanka. Jambavan then tells Hanuman that when he was younger, he was put under a spell which kept his powers in check, but that now he would be released from the spell in order to fly to Lanka and find Sita. Hanuman then flies across the sea and withstands a stern challenge from a dangerous sea monster by killing him and tearing him to pieces.
Among one of Hanuman's many powers is his ability to change shape at will, and he is able to fly across Lanka without being seen. He sees Ravana walking to a forest where Sita is with her caretaker, and after the King joins his subjects and her caretaker leaves her alone, Sita then bursts into tears, pining for her husband, little knowing that Hanuman is watching her. He jumps down from a tree and introduces himself as Rama's friend, offering also to take her back. Hanuman also narrates that Rama is deeply upset to be separated from his wife for few months now and that he cries every day. Sita magnanimously refuses, saying that Rama is in danger as Ravana can attack him. Rama must defeat the strong Ravana to regain Sita. Hanuman assures her that Rama will defeat Ravana and release her, while urging her to be patient till then. After having some fun attacking the Royal guards, Hanuman allows himself to be captured by the kumbh,son of kumbhkaran (brother of Ravan). Then Hanuman as a messenger meets Ravana face to face and warns the Lanka ruler of his folly in capturing Sita while instructing him to return her to Rama and seek his forgiveness. Ravana laughs at Rama as he thinks Rama is a weak man. Ravana then threatens to kill Hanuman, but after being dissuaded by his brother Vibhishana, decides instead to set fire to the vanara's tail and let him go home. While pretending to be in pain from the fire, Hanuman inadvertently sets fire to a few stalls and buildings in the city before flying away. Vibhishana later pleads with Ravana to release Sita out of fear of impending disaster for Lanka. He warns Ravana that Rama is noble but Ravana angrily rebuffs him and exiles him from the Kingdom.
Meanwhile, Rama, Lakshmana, Sugriva and the vanara Kingdom's subjects are all gathered along the south coast. Hanuman tells Rama that Sita is protecting Rama by staying. Rama begins to think as even in exile, Sita is protecting him. Rama then says Ravana must be defeated by him. They then were discussing how to travel to Lanka. Rama had no idea what to do. It is then that Vibhishana appears and offers to join Rama's forces. Rama is convinced of Vibhishana's sincerity by Hanuman and agrees to accept Vibhishana, who in turn advises Rama to pray to the Sea God for a solution to cross over to Lanka. For seven days and seven nights Rama observes prayers, and on the eighth dawn the Sea God splashes a wave on Rama making his hair wet and he reveals himself and instructs Rama to build a bridge with stones that have his name inscribed. The stones would be supported by the ocean and all living beings could walk across safely. Rama then set about building the bridge, after which he proceeds to Lanka where they will set up base camp not far from the capital city. Rama is now prepared to fight. In Ravana's Palace, the King and his council members discuss the threat of war. Prahastha, the Chief Minister, assures Ravana that the threat is futile and that Rama's army along with Rama himself would be finished off. While an elderly member, Ravana's maternal grandfather, is against the war and even himself advises the King to return Sita, the other members appear wholeheartedly in support of the war, including Ravana's son Indrajit.
From base camp in Lanka, Rama says that this past years were very painful for him. But he wants to avoid war because he is peaceful. He says that he will forgive Ravana for the pain he inflicted on Rama. The army look at Rama and complain but Rama states that he is not a coward but a peaceful man. Rama then asks Angada to convey a message of peace to Ravana, namely that if he was to release Sita there would be no need of war and the subsequent bloodshed. But when Angada carries this message to Ravana at the Palace, he laughs at Rama, saying he is weak and even attacked by the Royal Guards. Ravana gives a clear sign that he wants war and that he will kill Rama and after Angada relays this message to Rama later that evening, Rama is then a bit upset and a scared. Rama realises that he must fight in order to save Sita. He then addresses his army, asking them if they would fight for Rama and for Sita to which they emphatically say yes.
The battle commences the next morning and both armies ride up to the battle lines before starting the fight. Hanuman fights for Rama's army, his role being to use his size and power to repel the aerial threat of the flying demons from Ravana's army, which he does with panache. Ravana then sends Kumbha and his brother Nikumbha, sons of Kumbhakarna, to battle. Together they are able to kill and injure several vanara soldiers. At sunset the battle is halted, and Rama tends to the wounded soldiers of his army before cremating the dead with honour. Notably he cremates the bodies of Ravana's soldiers too. Rama gives a speech about how being a good human is important. The wind is high then and Rama's long black hair which has grown even more over the years is waving majestically. The hair is on his face and is moving smoothly. It reminds us of how Sita tends Rama's long hair. Ravana thinks Rama is disloyal as he is cremating his enemy but in fact Rama is peaceful.
The second day sees Prahastha join the battle, and he goes into a duel with the general of the vanara troops. After a fierce battle Prahastha is killed. Sugriva then enters the battle against Kumbha, and the vanara King slays his enemy. Ravana's shock at the death of two of his major fighters prompts him to order Indrajit to attempt to awaken Kumbhakarna, which he succeeds in doing. Meanwhile, on the battlefield Nikumbh and Hanuman are engaged in a tough battle from which the vanara comes out on top, just before Kumbhakarna arrives. Kumbhakarna's great size causes wonder among several of Rama's soldiers and even Rama is scared. Vibhishana advises Rama that while Kumbhakarna is indeed a mighty opponent he is not unbeatable, and that this would be the opportune moment for Rama to go to battle. It is at that moment that Rama introduces himself and joins the battle. He tells the giant that he is a good man but appears to be backing out of a fight. Sita is watching Rama now with Ravana. Near the end of the day, Rama charges towards the giant but Kumbakarna summons a giant mace and hits Rama. Rama flies off while hitting the ground several times. This injures Rama and wounds are all over his body. Sita screams at looking at her husband who is unable to get up. The demon charges towards the injured Rama but Lakshmana shoots a powerful arrow at the giant. Rama then gets back up and weakly slashes the demon. The demon dies but knocks Rama and makes him fly towards the ground. Rama hits the hard ground and Hanuman and Angad help him up. They ask if he is okay and he says he is gravely hurt. Ravana is shocked but plots revenge on Lakshmana because if Lakshmana is alive, Rama will also survive under his protection.
That night the wounded and dead soldiers are being gathered and taken to the base camp. Rama is getting healed and is resting. Ravana's son flies through the air in a chariot and injures the soldiers. He shouts for Rama to make himself seen, then shows Sita sitting in the carriage. Rama runs out slowly and looks at his wife. He sees her in distress and Rama gets worried. Indrajit then grabs Sita by her hair and threatens to kill her, much to Rama's sorrowness. Sita is then slain, which upsets Rama greatly and he starts crying. Indrajit then shoots an arrow trying to kill Rama but Lakshmana gets in the way grievously wounding him and hurting Rama in the process. And as Lakshmana is helped to safety, Jambavan is also injured. Indrajit looks at the medical herbs and points an arrow at it. Rama then runs over the warn the soldiers to save the herbs but a fiery arrow destroys the herbs and Rama is flown back onto the sea. Indrajit, confident that the job has had its desired effect, flies off with the slain wife of Rama. Rama who is on the ground shouts Sita's name and tears fall onto his bruised body. He then closes his eyes.
Rama gets back up and looks at his injured brother. Rama's black hair is now wet and is soaking his earrings. Sugriva helps Rama get up and Rama runs over to the camp. They are informed that the supply of medicinal herbs are destroyed and many soldiers are dying. This causes Rama great sorrow, for after seeing his wife slain he how faces the prospect of losing his dear brother, and wonders what more would be left. He then goes to a pole and starts to cry. Many tears fall out of his eyes and his black hair is covering up his face. Vibhishana tells the crying Rama that he appears to be a coward to the demons. Rama thinks to himself that if he makes out alive, he will return to Ayodhya without his family. Laksmana always protected Rama and now he has failed to protect him back. Rama has depressing thoughts until when Vibhishan tells Rama that Sita must be alive. He informs Rama to be smart and think. Ravana loves Sita, why would he kill her. Rama has some hop but Vibishana advises Rama to attack Indrajit while performing one such yagna, but Rama couldn't do it due to the number of injured soldiers. Rama himself is injured and thinks Indrajeet is too strong for him Rama then continues his depression and appears to give up and render weakness. At that moment Jambavan awakes and informs Rama that there are some herbs which could work well, but that they were all the way in the Dronagiri mountains of the Himalayas. Rama wonders how he is going to get the herbs but Hanuman tells Rama to rest and he will do the jobs. The heartbroken and wounded Rama is helped down by Sugriva while another soldier drys Rama's hair. Hanuman is sent to get the herbs after flying through the night and all the way across the country, passing Ayodhya, he reaches the mountain and looks for the herbs. On finding the herbs he is glad but reasoning that a mere handful will not be enough for the troops, Hanuman comes up with an idea. First, he knocks down a tree and sticks it in the soil upside down, not far from where the herbs are. Then assuming his largest size, he breaks into the mountain and picks it up. He then flies back to the base camp and on reaching there only a few hours after having left sets the mountain down. The herbs are gathered in time and Lakshmana is healed, as are the others. Rama expresses his gratitude, calling the vanara 'a beloved brother' while crying tears. He looks up at the tall Hanuman and hugs him.
Later that day some of the members of Ravana's army, mostly flying demons, are all gathered in the cave of Nikumbhila in prayer, feeling confident that with the moral and physical damage done to Rama, there was no need to go to battle that day. After Angada and the vanara general get rid of the guards outside, Lakshmana and the vanara soldiers then walk across the large bridge that is Hanuman and approach the cave. From inside a tunnel which leads to the prayer area, Lakshmana then shoots an arrow towards the idol of Nikumbhila, creating a few cracks and causing some chipped pieces to fall. Indrajit sees Lakshmana, angry that he is still alive, and orders the demons to attack and kill the soldiers. During the battle several of the demons are killed in the cave, and a few who try to exit the cave through the entrance are also killed. Indrajit himself is able to escape through an opening at the top of the cave. Seeing him fly away, Lakshmana captures a flying demon and orders him to take him up to Indrajit. He flies up to the chariot and engages in a battle with Indrajit, Lakshmana easily overpowers him and the battle ends with Lakshmana about to kill Indrajeet. Rather than giving him the moral satisfaction of killing him, Indrajit then releases his grip and falls to his death. Lakshmana tells Rama about what happened and Rama is pleased. He then sits beside the sea and looks at his ring. He talks to Sita saying tomorrow, he will save her. Rama then prays with his head down while wind is heavily blowing onto his face.
An angry Ravana then threatens in anger to kill Sita in order to punish her for her devotion to Rama, but is dissuaded by his elder who was against the war in the first place. The elder then offers to join Ravana in battle himself, but Ravana instructs him to stay while he himself goes to battle. This proves to be the final day of the battle which features the main confrontation between Rama and Ravana. Ravana confident he will kill Rama.
The Lanka King emerges from the warrior crowd. He is wearing strong golden armour and summons a great sword. Rama then gets an old sword while brushing of his very long hair away from his old clothes. Ravana is looking much superior. Rama then narrates that he has suffered great pain. But he says he is a peaceful man and asks Ravana to give back Sita. Ravana laughs along with his warriors. He calls Rama a coward and how he was too weak to fight him. Ravana assures everyone that Rama will die and Sita would be his. Ravana challenges Rama to fight and Rama is forced to agree. He is eager to get Sita back after being separated for 4 years. Sita is watching the battle and is hoping Rama will be safe.
Rama and Ravana engage in battle. Ravana and Rama are in contact with their swords. Ravana easily moves Rama and pushes Rama away. Rama tries to attack him but he gets his sword stuck and Ravana attacks Rama with his strong sword and Rama goes up quite high and falls backwards onto the ground very hardly and injures his back and slides across the hard ground with his head getting bruised and hair swaying. He screams and everyone watches in fear. Ravana tries to kill Rama but Rama moves his head out the way and Ravana's mighty sword gets stuck in Rama's long hair. Rama then gets back up and hits Ravana's sword. Ravana holds on and pulls Rama's hair and uses his other hand to punch Rama in the face. Rama flies back and there is now a big bruise on his face. Rama then gets up but Ravana charges towards Rama. Rama is trying to block but Ravana pushes him against a wall. Rama gets his body slammed onto the wall and loses balance and hurts his feet. Rama trips up and falls out the way and hurts his back. Ravana tries to slash Rama's head but Rama tries to dodge but he ends up falling and Ravana's sword gets stuck on the wall and Rama who is on the floor gets up and cuts it. Rama then beheads Ravana. He is breathing heavily and straightening his injured back. But a new head grew and a shocked Rama cuts it again with more force. Certain he had done the job he stands back still panting. He is now thinking of Sita.
But to his shock, a series of multiple heads grows from Ravana's neck and the Lanka King then morphs into a large demon with ten heads and as many as six arms. Ravana has now gained immense strength and Rama is very, very scared. The giant, powerful Ravana is looking at Rama. Rama looking up very scared and trembling his wounded hand in fear while his hair is vigorously blowing to the side. Sita who is watching Rama is also scared as she was told many times Ravana will kill Rama. Lakshmana and Hanuman and everyone else are also very worried for Rama. Ravana summons a powerful, fiery arrow and he fires it at great force which hits Rama directly onto his already wounded back and launches him into the air and wounding his body. Rama flips very fast and his black hair slashes onto his weak face and then screams very loudly and falls back onto the hard ground which consists of rocks and his back is fractured. He is wounded while he screams in pain. He looks like he has died but he moves very slowly. His body is now covered in wounds and blood and his hair is on his bruised face and very dirty. Ravana then throws a spear covered with fire onto the wounded Rama and while he is struggling to get back up he is hit with a fiery spear which injures Rama and encircles the hurt Rama in a ring of fire. Rama is scared as the fire comes closer to him and is slightly burning his wounded skin and Rama is unable to get up. Sita prays and a chakra appears beside his displaced hair. Vishvamitra knew Rama was in danger so he gave the chakra. Rama uses the little energy he has to put out the fire. Ravana then picks up Rama and squeezes him very hard. Most of Rama's bones are crushed. Ravana's powerful nails pierce into Rama's bruised skin and Ravana's nails also slash Rama and he screams very loudly and Ravana throws him onto the ground behind him. He then uses another arm to throw Rama onto a rock near his shocked friends. The rock smashes onto Rama and his back is bleeding. Hanuman tries to help him but Ravana's giant hand crushes Rama and severely throws the weak Rama against a very hard wall. Rama screams as his back hits a sharp piece of wall and he falls down very fast onto the hard ground on his head which leads to him having a bruised head and his whole body is hurt. Ravana then punches Rama which breaks the ground. The extremely weak Rama is covered with blood and his dirty black hair is to one side. Rama is struggling to get back up. Ravana summons some lightning and it directly hits Rama continuously. Rama producing screams of terror and a big bruise on his body. Sita prays and a shield is given and Rama uses it to block the lightning. But the shield breaks and Ravana grabs Rama by his hair. He addresses that Rama is no king. He is a weak, powerless man who cannot save his own wife. Rama screams but Ravana throws Rama onto the same wall. Rama's back hits a sharp bit and falls repeatedly onto bits of wall. Rama's bruised head falls onto a sharp rock which makes Rama's head bleed and then he falls further onto some rock which hurt him even more and it looks as if Rama is dead. He now has much more wounds and blood then he did before and his hair is much dirtier and out of place. He screams while his broken bones are growing even more weaker and his black hair is blowing onto his heavily bruised face. Ravana uses a spear to break the wall over Rama. Boulders and sharp rocks fall on Rama covering him entirely. Lakshman and Sita and all the others watch in shock as Rama is presumed dead. Ravana is laughing at the weak and dying Rama. Rama however reaches out and pulls himself out of the rocks but the rocks scrape his skin. Ravana then picks up Rama's sword and stabs Rama in the back. Rama yells out painfully as the sword falls but doesn't kill him. Rama then looks dead. He has many wounds and blood. His hair is messy and his clothes are torn. He looks at his army who watch in shock.
Rama is praying for safety but no help is given to him. Rama is presumed dead but Sita prays and the chakra grows bigger. With great difficulty the hurt Rama crawls towards the distant chakra. He is moving very slowly and screaming in pain. His wounds are getting much worse and his bones are broken. He is struggling to live. Ravana is about to kill the weak Rama. Rama is stopping and crying because he was too weak to save Sita. Everyone else knew that Rama was about to die and failed to rescue his wife after a 4-year battle.But before Ravana could kill the wounded Rama, Sita prays and the chakra goes towards the bleeding Rama and with his broken arm be reaches it. He feels extreme pain and slightly gets up. The chakra produces wind and Rama's hair is on his face. Unable to see because of his long hair he throws the chakra while screaming at the force his broken arm produced which first severs some of Ravana's arms, then returns to sever the Lanka King at the waistline. With only his head immortal in comparison with the rest of his body, Ravana falls to the ground in death. The rocks then fall over and hit the wounded Rama. The chakra then produces some fire which hit Rama and the chakra then pierces the clouds, bringing sunshine and light through. This shines onto Rama's long, dirty black hair which is moving onto his torn clothes. Rama is very tired and extremely hurt. He is on the ground and unable to get back up. In an almost fantasy-like sequence, grass then grows along the barren battlefield and the compound walls, and the lower half of Ravana's body becomes a hill with a tree growing from it, signifying the return of Ravana to Mother Earth.
With the battle over, the wounded Rama slowly crawls back up a dirty mountain but is still very hurt and screams. Everyone looking at him in shock. They feel very sad to see Rama nearly dead. His old clothes are torn and dirty, his long hair is also dirty and out of place and his whole body is covered in wounds, bruises and blood. The extremely wounded Rama is relieved that he doesn't need to fight anymore as he nearly died in the hands of Ravana and he exhorts the soldiers of Lanka to cease fighting and work towards restoring the glory of Lanka. Vibhishana is made the new King by Rama. Rama who is still very hurt wants to rest but he is eager to see Sita who he has not seen since 4 years. Rama and Sita are reunited but Sita felt bad seeing her husband with dirty long hair and full of wounds and blood and she is also feels bad as her beloved husband nearly died for her. Rama falls and cries onto Sita. He apologises as Sita spent 4 years in hardship and Sita consoles Rama by softly touching his long hair. She witnessed her loving husband nearly dying for her. She says to Rama that he nearly died for her and that they were late to return to Ayodhya. Rama is assured he will get healed there. Before leaving, Sita expresses her remorse at the large number of lives lost for her sake in the war including Rama's wounds, but Sugriva comforts her, saying that her peaceful and happy life with Rama would make their death a glorious sacrifice. He then looks to Rama as if he has done a great sacrifice because he has. He nearly died just for his wife. Hanuman flies back to the Himalayas with the uprooted mountain, and Rama and Sita hug together after being separated for 4 years and his compatriots fly home to Ayodhya. Rama is still in pain but Sita is alleviating it. Rama's hair is blowing onto Sita and she is relieved to see her husbands black hair again. Sita still feels bad while tending to Rama's broken body. They return to Ayodhya where they are welcomed by a mass of worried people. They look at Rama's wounds and hair and begin to cry. Kaikeyi feels bad as her son nearly died because of her. Kaushalya looks at Rama's hair and says his hair has grown so much. Rama is helped into the castle where he will be healed.