Ninaithadhai Mudippavan

Sundaram (M. G. Ramachandran) is an innocent band musician who lives with his physically challenged sister Sita (Sharada) in a village. He needs more money for his sister's marriage and he sets off to Madras to earn. On the other hand, Madras city Police department is shocked by series of diamond thefts. But Inspector Mohan (M. N. Nambiar) suspects the thief to be Ranjith Kumar (M. G. Ramachandran) who is actually a wealthy diamond businessman on the accounts that whenever a theft occurs he is present there. But he has no evidence and searches for that. He creates a plan with Leela (Manjula) to attract Ranjith to know his secret plans. Sundaram arrives the city and goes to an party hall. Ranjith who arrives the party surprised to see Sunadaram as he looks identical as him. He immediately plots for a plan. He takes Sundaram to his place and reveals himself. He convinces Sundaram to act like Ranjith in front of the society as he is a heart patient and require a treatment. Until his return from treatment Sundaram has to make believe everybody that he is Ranjith. Actually he makes him as Ranjith so that he can continue with his diamond smuggling meanwhile there will not be any evidence as Sundaram is going to be Ranjith everywhere. But he did not reveal the reason to him. He also promises that he would give money for his sister's marriage. Innocent Sundaram believes him and agrees to the plan.
Ranjith's girlfriend Mohana (Latha) trains Sundaram to be like Ranjith and he acts like him. Sundaram finally learns every mannerisms of Ranjith and at an instance he behaves like Ranjith to Ranjith. He acts as Ranjith in the city and real Ranjith continues his underground work. And Inspector Mohan cannot come to conclusion. Leela moves intimately with Sundaram thinking him as Ranjith but Sundaram falls in love with her. In the village due to heavy floods Sita loses everything and comes in search of her brother to Madras with her dog Mothy (Rexy). Mohana meets Sita and helps her to reach the place. At one situation Mohan saves her from them and takes her to his home. Mohana who follows Sita to Mohan's house informs Ranjith about her. Ranjith posing like her brother goes to Mohan's home and takes her with him.
Sundaram finds Ranjith is actually a thief and plans for a grand diamond loot. Sundaram resists against the plan but Ranjith blackmails him with his sister. Unwillingly he accepts for the plan. Ranjith steals huge amount of diamond but Sundaram replaces him by attacking and leaves the place. One of the stolen diamond piece has a transmitter and police follow the jewels with the help of it. Sita is confused who is her brother among them. After several fights both Sundaram and Ranjith are arrested. Both of them claim themself as Sundaram and confuse everyone. Many tests to find who is real Ranjith goes to failure. Confused by his protest court is helpless to find out who is the real Ranjith. Suddenly a body of dead woman enters the court. Ranjith finds that the woman is his mother (Kanthimathi). Unable to resist his feelings he screams at his mother and cries on her body. Court finally conclude who is Ranjith. But Ranjith's mother is not dead but pretended to find who is her son. Ranjith is arrested and sent to prison. He apologizes Sundaram and promises Mohana that he will marry her after he got out from prison. Sita finally marries Inspector Mohan.