Loveless

In Moscow, at the end of the school day, students are departing on their way home. One twelve-year-old boy, Alyosha (Matvey Novikov), decides to take a path which leads him to walk by a local river in a wooded area just on the outskirts of town. He appears to be in no particular rush to get home. His parents, Zhenya (Maryana Spivak) and Boris (Aleksey Rozin), are in the midst of a divorce, with much animosity toward each other, and Alyosha is caught up in the middle of their bitter fights. His parents are portrayed as having divergent and incompatible personalities, and both have new relationships: Boris with Masha (Marina Vasileva), a young woman who's pregnant with his child; Zhenya with Anton (Andris Keiss), an older and wealthier man with an adult daughter who lives abroad.
One day, Zhenya realizes Alyosha has disappeared from home since the day before, when she came home late at night from a visit with Anton and assumed the boy was sleeping. The police see this as the simple case of a runaway child and expect the boy to return home within a day or two. When Alyosha does not return, a volunteer group specializing in the search for missing persons takes over the case and promptly initiates a thorough procedure to locate the boy. The only relative Alyosha could have sought refuge at is Zhenya's estranged mother, who lives several hours away. Boris and Zhenya's trip to see her not only fails to provide clues to Alyosha's whereabouts, but is punctuated by tension, with both spouses berated by the bitter old woman. On the return trip home, a new fight between Zhenya and Boris escalates to the point that Boris asks her out of the car and abandons her on a rural roadway.
Now the search for Alyosha involves the police again and covers an increasingly wider territory across the town and its surrounding areas. A search of an abandoned building from an old dilapidated city development project that a friend of Alyosha revealed as their usual hideout turns up nothing. Finally, Zhenya and Boris are asked to come to the morgue to identify the remains of a John Doe child whose description matches Alyosha's. Both parents deny that the disfigured child's body is their son's, though the experience proves emotionally traumatic for them as they break down in tears of desperation, with Alyosha still missing.
Some time passes, Boris and Zhenya's apartment has now been sold after their divorce was presumably finalized, and workers begin dismantling wall hangings and appliances in Alyosha's old room. Outside on the streets, missing person posters of Alyosha now canvas the entire neighborhood. More time goes on and now Boris lives with Masha and their infant son, whom he treats coldly. Zhenya in turn moved in with Anton. Both their lives went on, while Alyosha's missing person posters are fading away. The final scene goes back to the wooded path near the river through which Alyosha used to walk home after school; the naked winter tree branches sway slightly against the white sky, showing the strip of tape Alyosha had thrown on top of a tall tree, now the only remaining trace of his past presence in the world.