Amar Akbar Anthony

Faizal (Asif Ali), born and bred Kochi bike-stunt artist, gets injured during one of his bike stunts and gets hospitalised. He is admitted in the general ward, and there he meets other patients and begins to chat to know each other. His ward mates queries how he fell. Faizal explains the reason by narrating a story about his three best friends Amar (Prithviraj), Akbar (Jayasurya) and Anthony (Indrajith). Amar, Akbar and Anthony lives in a slum area in Fort Kochi, three of them are from lower-middle-class families.
Amar is children's mini-kart driver in a shopping mall and is a lecher with a number of unsuccessful loves. Other than him he has four members in his family. His father Ramanan (Sasi Kalinga) is a security officer of a roadside ATM counter, his mother (K. P. A. C. Lalitha) is an expanding colony marriage broker and Resmiya (Srinda Ashab), an orphan women who lives together in their house with her daughter Fathima/Pathumma (Baby Meenakshi) after her husband flees away with her gold ornaments, for the marriage was arranged by Amar's mother.
Akbar is a handicap due to Poliomyelitis. His father (Abu Salim) is a body builder and a Mr. Cochin winner and is still preparing for competitions, while his mother (Bindu Panicker) is the home-maker.
Anthony works as a pizza delivery staff in a mall. He was adopted by his father (Pradeep Kottayam) when found left alone inside a movie theatre as a new born child.
Three of them have a common enemy 'Nallavanyana Unni' (Ramesh Pisharody) aka Unni whom their parents consider as a standard benchmark to compare them. Apart from their usual work they occasionally work as catering service boys for marriages and other functions under Rejimon (Saju Navodaya). Rejimon loves to talk about the disasters occurred in others life and revels in them. His grandmother (Molly Kannamaly), a septuagenarian who have found freedom through mobile phone and engage in several social networking sites. She even once made Amar fall in love with her through Facebook chatting, through one of her fake profile as a young girl studying in standard twelve.
All the three have a crush towards Jenny (Namitha Pramod), their neighbour and a dance-bar/cinematic performer. The three amigos have an ambition to go for a tour at Pattaya beach in Thailand with the immoral intend to score with women and flirt with modern lively girls. For this they save money from their monthly salary. For the trip they plans to save ₹25,000, to get the visa and ticket through Faizal. But every year when they manage to collect the required money, there will be some unexpected issues forcing to spend that money, each time. This time Amar's father was met with an accident (for which the cash was spend). He was saved timely by Ambulance driver Jadaayu Sabu (Kalabhavan Shajon) with whom the trio becomes friendly. Jenny reveals her love interest to Akbar. Later, Gentleman Unni gets arrested for illegally growing and selling marijuana. Meanwhile, Rejimon's grandmother passes away. As colony association annual day nears, the colony members gets ready for carnival programs which includes Jeni orchestrated dance program and Fathima's solo song. The inebriated trio make a fight during the festival because Akbar finds the man who punched him in a car park. During the chaos, Fathima goes missing. The next day, a boy comes to the family to inform that Fathima's body was found in a dump. Police verifies that similar girls under the age ten are missing from surrounding area and several of their abused dead-body is found in various places. Police suspect a habitual pedophile Bengali who was convicted for similar charges in Bengal and might have relocated with the migrant working community to Cochin, after his release. Identity of this man is confirmed by the trio and they find him. However, before invoking their final vengeance they are intervened by the Police and to their shock are informed that it wasn't the Bengali who killed their Fathima but the colony's beloved Sir (V. K. Sreeraman), he was outed by a victim of his pedophilic abuse. Both the Bengali and the Sir are brutally murdered as a social justice and cleansing of the community by the people of the colony. The police knowing the legal protection that these criminals would have turns a blind-eye condoning to the people's justice.
Faizal, ends his story with this and ward mates sympathize with his story and reminds him that he didn't tell how this story is related to his broken leg. It is revealed that Faizal was their travel agent for Pattaya tour and the trip for ₹25,000 was a lie for him to get ₹25,000 and it had resulted in his accident that broke his leg as the proverb says "If the dumb is cheated by the miser, the miser gets cheated by God". Later the trio are shown donating a prime share of their money to Child Save Social Work Projects and the much alluded secret song that Anthony uses to make women fall flat in love with him is disclosed as the anti-popular meme of the song Puthiya Mukham.