Okke Okkadu

Pugazhendi aka Pugazh (Arjun) is a news reporter working for QTV in Chennai. One day, a riot occurs between the students and the bus drivers in the city following a communal clash which disrupts normal life. The Chief Minister (CM) of the state, Aranganathan (Raghuvaran), informs the police over wireless not to arrest the protesters as they belong to his community and political party. The conversation is recorded by Pugazh in his video camera. Pugazh meets a village girl, Thenmozhi (Manisha Koirala), and falls in love with her. But her father (Vijayakumar) does not accept the marriage proposal as he wants to get Thenmozhi married only to a government employee.
One day, QTV arranges for a live interview with Aranganathan and the anchor does not turn up at the last moment. Pugazh is thrilled and excited as he gets the opportunity to interview the CM. During the course of the interview, Pugazh unmasks many events done by Aranganathan and his party against the welfare of the state, for political reasons with necessary evidences, and he also blames Aranganathan for not taking action while at the riot by evidencing his recorded video taken at the time of the riot. Aranganathan justifies his indifferent stands and challenges Pugazh to accept his post for a day so that he will realize the pressures faced on a daily basis. Pugazh, after a brief trepidation, accepts the challenge provided the constitution permits. Lawmakers confirm that such a provision is possible and Pugazh is sworn in as the CM for 24 hours.
To everyone’s surprise, Pugazh does not prefer speaking to the waiting media crew, but gets into action immediately by collecting a list of irresponsible civil servants and issues suspension letters immediately. He helps poor people rightfully reclaim houses allotted by the government and requests every Indian citizen to pay all required taxes even if it is for a day highlighting the effects of avoiding the same. Mayakrishnan (Manivannan), an honest official, is the government secretary and helps Pugazh through his one-day mission. Finally, Pugazh digs a case of corruption against the ruling party leading to the arrest of Aranganathan.
The next day, Aranganathan becomes the CM and cancels all orders issued from the previous day. Taking Pugazh's success as his defeat and a demean to his long-standing political career, he plans to take revenge and sends goons to kill Pugazh, who escapes with heavy injuries. Aranganathan’s image is tarnished before the public and the coalition parties withdraw their support, resulting in dissolving the government and leading to another election.
A huge crowd gathers in front of Pugazh’s house requesting him to contest in the upcoming election. Other political parties also come forward to offer their support for their own reasons. But Pugazh is not for it, as he wants to have a safe and secured life. Thenmozhi's father advises him not to go in politics, while accepting him to marry Thenmozhi. Mayakrishnan makes him understand how much the people have gathered themselves and shows the plight of people and advises him to sacrifice his comfort zone for the sake of achieving heights in the politics and doing good for the people. Finally, Pugazh accepts to it and contests in the ensuing election and wins by the vast majority of voters ever in the political history of Tamil Nadu. After assuming the office, Pugazh is keen in the state development and gets busy in his schedule of doing welfare to the people, while Aranganathan and other politicians unite as they are worried by the change of events.
They hire a henchman to get Pugazh killed but he escaped with the help of the Z Type security guard officials, who shoot the henchman to death. A bomb planted in Pugazh's house to kill Pugazh, instead claimed the lives of his parents. Pugazh, on knowing Aranganathan is behind this, gets enraged, and challenges the latter that the law will not spare him. Aranganathan plans to create a havoc in the rule of Pugazh and hence he has his men plant bombs across Chennai. Pugazh and Mayakrishnan get to know of this by a tactful inquiry of Chinnasamy, who is Aranganathan's right-hand henchman. The bomb squad diffuse all the bombs except one. Aranganathan blames Pugazh to be the man behind the entire episode and claims it as a ploy to win public support.
Pugazh realizes he will be prevented from performing his duties and invites Aranganathan to his office. As their conversation progresses, Pugazh pulls out a gun and shoots himself without causing any major injuries. He throws the gun to Aranganathan who catches it out of his reflexes. At the same time, the security guards officals rush in hearing gunfire and see Aranganathan pointing the gun at Pugazh. The security guards officials shoot and kill Aranganathan to save Pugazh.
Pugazh feels glad he can continue his mission without being interrupted, but also feels guilty for having staged a false incident to kill Aranganathan. He confesses to Mayakrishnan, that even he has been forced to play the game of politics. Mayakrishnan supports him by saying that he played the politics only for a good cause and Aranganathan deserves this. Thenmozhi's father realizes the greatness of Pugazhendhi and consents to the marriage.
The movie ends showing Tamil Nadu as a developed state under the rule of Pugazh with world class infrastructures and free of violence.