Zid

ZID starts off with a flashback which has the film's protagonist Rohan Achrekar aka Ronnie(Karanvir Sharma), a crime reporter with 'The Daily'(a newspaper based in Goa), narrating an incident to his newspaper's editor Karan(Mohan Kapoor) and the area's DSP (Rajeev Saxena). He says that with the help of the editor, he found a rented house at his friend's outhouse located far away from the rest of Goan civilization. Even though the said place looks haunted, Ronnie still adjusts himself to the situation despite having a paralyzed owner, who is driven on a wheelchair throughout and who also happens to be the father of Maya (Mannara Chopra). For Maya, it is love at first sight when she sees Ronnie, who incidentally is recovering from a break-up with Priya (Shraddha Das), his girlfriend of many years and who is now settled in London. While Maya leaves no stone unturned to get Ronnie's attention, Ronnie seems to be still 'lost in love' about Priya.
Maya instantly falls in love with Ronnie and this love soon turns into an obsession. She calls her sister and reveals her feeling for him. She even enters Ronnie's room and picks a picture out of his photo-frame. He finds it missing, but does nothing. She spots a picture of her on his desktop (a random picture he had clicked during his ferry ride to the outhouse, before he had even met her) and assumes that he's in love with her.
Ronnie is not in love with her, but thinks she is strange and cute, so he plans a date-night at a nightclub. There he bumps into a girl named Nancy (Seerat Kapoor), who happens to be Priya's step sister. Maya's left with uncontrollable rage when sees him dancing with Nancy and they quickly leaves the bar. On their way back, he continues drinking while driving, their SUV meets with an accident when it collides with a scooter which was being driven by Nancy. Due to the impact, she falls off the road and rolls down a slope. Ronnie turns hysterical and is desperate to save the girl but he waits while Maya rushes to save the girl because she is a nurse.
The next morning, it's all over the news and the Goa cops are on the case. The girl is found dead and Ronnie panics because he could be identified in the case. Priya comes back to India from London to hunt for Nancy's killers. Inspector Moses(Denzil Smith) suspects that Priya killed Nancy since she was her step-sister so as to covet her money and wealth and Ronnie is her partner-in-crime.
In the meanwhile, Maya does everything wrong to protect and save Ronnie in this case. He tells his boss that his SUV is in the garage, but actually she dumps it in a lake so that no one can trace it ever. She even takes him to the spot and shows him the immersed SUV in the lake.
Investigations reveal that Nancy had a chance to live even after she was hit by the car, but in reality someone murdered her. Priya visits Ronnie at his outhouse and requests him to help her find the murderer. Soon, they warm up to each other again. Ronnie even refuses to join Maya at her dinner date giving an excuse saying that he has a lot of pending work in the office and may be late. Actually, he was avoiding Maya so that he could spend the night with Priya. Ronnie ignores Maya's repeated calls. She then telephonically finds out from Ronnie's office that he is not there but is with Priya. Maya visits Priya's place and finds Ronnie and Priya in compromising position. She seethes with rage and returns.
Maya's lunacy reaches new heights. The next day Ronnie's pet pup Bobby goes missing. he frantically searches for the pup everywhere and shockingly discovers that Maya had fed him to her pet alligator. Priya finds out that Ronnie was at the same bar and he even met Nancy the night she was killed. She feels cheated and betrayed. Priya lands up at the outhouse and starts accusing Maya for everything – including Nancy's murder. They get into a brawl. Maya calls Ronnie for help. Ronnie arrives but she attacks him on the head from behind and he suffers a black-out.
Maya rushes to leave her house, but finds Inspector Moses there. She wastes no time in killing him. Ronnie wakes up and walks into a dark cabin between the woods to find out 'everything-you-want-to-know-about-Maya'.
There are her childhood and adulthood pictures pasted on the walls and his pictures, along with Nancy, Priya, Moses, Bobby (with red crosses on those who were dead). Maya reappears and reveals it all to him. She also tells him that she had killed her own sister (the dead girl on the other side of her phone) by pushing her from the boat in a lake because of jealousy and insecurity.
Maya then blindfolds Ronnie and takes him to the top of a lighthouse that she called as Maya's Kingdom. Her plan is to exchange wedding vows with him. She tells him to make love to her and he obliges.
All this while Priya is dangling in mid-air on a suspended chair. Ronnie lights a cigarette and spills a glass of wine over it causing a fire to break out. Maya pulls the gun on him but Ronnie snatches the gun from her hand (which he could have done earlier too) and throws her off the lighthouse. Now she's dangling from the rod along with Priya. Well eventually, Ronnie manages to pull Priya on top of the lighthouse and saves her. After that they both try saving Maya, but she lets go and falls to her death into the deep waters.
The DSP is convinced by Ronnie's story and tells him that he will be out on bail. Ronnie is relieved and as he walks out the real story is revealed. It was all a game-plan by Ronnie and Priya. In quick shots they show us how he murdered Nancy, brutally killed Moses, threatened and tortured Maya to write her suicide note and eventually killed her. All this for claiming Nancy's property. In the concluding scene, Ronnie says that one just needs a good convincing story and must narrate it with genuineness. No one would care whether its true or false.