T2 Trainspotting

Twenty years after stealing £16,000 in drug money from his three friends and making a new life in Amsterdam, 46-year old Mark Renton returns home to Edinburgh after having a heart attack in a gym. While he has been clean from heroin for 20 years, his life has not otherwise improved; his marriage has failed and he is about to lose his job. Daniel "Spud" Murphy has returned to heroin addiction after having lost everything including his wife, Gail, and visitation with his teenage son, Fergus, whom he fathered shortly after Renton left. Simon "Sick Boy" Williamson now abuses cocaine, runs a failing pub, and engages in blackmail and filming schemes with his Bulgarian girlfriend, Veronika. Meanwhile, Francis "Franco" Begbie is serving a 25-year prison sentence after being arrested for the drug deal in '96 and a robbery, and viciously assaults his lawyer after being denied parole.
Renton, who has rented a hotel room, stops by his childhood home, where his father tells him about his mother's death, and they reconcile. He goes to Spud's apartment just in time to save him from a suicide attempt. Spud initially resents the intervention, but Renton offers to help him out of his addiction. Renton visits Simon at the pub, where Simon attacks him. Afterward, Renton meets Veronika and pays Simon back his original share of the money. Simon informs Veronika that he is going to string Renton along and make him pay for his betrayal.
Meanwhile, Begbie has an inmate stab him in order to land him in the hospital. He assaults a doctor and takes his clothing in order to escape. He visits his former girlfriend and meets his college-bound son, Frank Jr. Staying in the apartment, he resorts to a lucrative burglary scheme into which he drags Frank Jr., selling the merchandise to a local fence, Mikey Forrester. Begbie also visits Simon in his pub, where Simon promises to provide him with a false passport to Amsterdam in order to exact his revenge on Renton.
Renton, Simon, and Veronika become partners in crime, robbing a Protestant social club and using the proceeds to renovate the upper floor of Simon's pub into a brothel. They fraudulently apply for an EU business-development grant. Veronika and Renton begin an affair, while Spud also joins in the renovation, befriends Veronika, and takes pleasure in renovating the pub. Inspired by Veronika, he decides to write his memoirs. One of Simon's blackmail targets reports him to the police, and Renton seeks legal advice from his former girlfriend, Diane, now a high-priced solicitor. The proceeds of their crimes are used up in legal fees and Simon's cocaine habit.
One night, Renton and Simon decide to go to a nightclub and snort cocaine while listening to Queen. Incidentally, Begbie, who was hanging out at his fence's place, takes a large dose of speed and Viagra and decides to go out. By chance, Begbie and Renton end up in adjoining bathroom stalls of the nightclub, and they recognise their voices while inside. Renton flees to a parking garage, where he is able to escape from Begbie, but not before Begbie slashes his arm with a knife.
Doyle, the owner of a rival brothel, intimidates Renton and Simon into abandoning their business (and forces them to walk home to Edinburgh naked), but then they receive the £100,000 grant.
Veronika, tired of Simon and Renton's petty schemes, visits Spud and asks him to leave with her, promising him half of the £100,000. He says he will only buy heroin, so she offers to give his share to Gail and Fergus. He helps her steal the money by forging Renton's and Simon's signatures. Later on, Begbie visits the terrified Spud, reading his memoirs and mocking his continuous addiction. Veronika arrives and Begbie intimidates her, but lets them go in exchange for Veronika's phone, which he uses to text Renton to have him come to the pub at midnight. Begbie visits his girlfriend's place for the last time, apologising to Frank Jr. for his behaviour and telling him to be a better man than he is, before departing.
At the pub, Spud arrives too late to warn Renton and Simon of Begbie's trap. Begbie knocks Simon down and chases Renton across the pub. Begbie throws him through the floor, and Renton's neck gets caught in electrical wiring that begins to slowly strangle him. Begbie tries to pull down Renton to strangle him, but Simon doses him with pepper spray and saves Renton by pulling him over to the floor. Begbie pulls out a sawn-off shotgun and tries to kill them both, but Spud knocks him out with a toilet bowl.
They leave Begbie trapped in the boot of Simon's car, at the door of the prison from which he'd escaped. Veronika returns to Bulgaria, and her young son, leaving Spud half of the money. Spud channels his addiction into his writing, and begins mending his relationship with Gail and Fergus, to whom he left his share of the money. It is implied that Spud writes a book entitled Trainspotting from his writings. Renton and Simon resume their old friendship. Renton moves back into his father’s home and embraces him before going into his bedroom and dancing to a remix of "Lust for Life".