Paayum Puli

The story is set in the backdrop of Madurai, where a gang is involved in kidnapping top businessmen in the city and demand a sum of Rs. 2 crores for their release and if failing to do, so will result in their death. The dead bodies are placed beneath a bridge. Bhavani (Bangalore Swamy) and Lal (Murali Sharma) are the main culprits behind the kidnaps and Albert (Harish Uthaman), a police inspector who cracks the case and unearths the criminals involved in kidnap, but gets killed by Bhavani.
Jayaseelan IPS (Vishal) is the new ACP (Assistant Commissioner of Police), who gets deputed in his hometown, Madurai. Murugesan (Soori) is the head constable and is a close friend of Jayaseelan. Jayaseelan wants to have a meeting with Bhavani and his gang to finalize his commission so that he will never interfere in their illegal activities. But, it is revealed that Jayaseelan is in a undercover operation to encounter Bhavani and his gang.
Jayaseelan lives in a joint family with his parents and his elder brother Selvaraj aka Selvam (Samuthirakani). Meanwhile, Jayaseelan meets Sowmya (Kajal Aggarwal) and falls in love with her. Jayaseelan encounters two of Bhavani’s men. Now Bhavani is frightened knowing that someone has set an eye on him and he will be the next target. Jayaseelan tracks down Bhavani and kills him. Just before dying, Bhavani challenges Jayaseelan that all of the kidnapping incidents will continue after his death which leaves Jayaseelan puzzled. It is Selvam, who is actually the mastermind behind all the kidnapping incidents. He is the close friend of Lal, who is an advocate and both are involved in planning the kidnaps, while Bhavani is involved only to execute the plan.
A small flashback is shown about Jayaseelan and Selvam’s family. Jayaseelan and Selvam’s grandfather Ramasamy is a freedom fighter and is widely respected by the local people. He also served as a minister and is known for his genuineness and loyalty. But his son, who is Jayaseelan and Selvam’s father, is not interested in politics and he prefers to stay away from politics following his father’s death. Meanwhile, Singarasu (RK), a local politician decides to bank on Ramasamy’s political support for his victory.
Singarasu convinces Selvam to support his party, for which Selvam agrees. Singarasu wins the election and becomes an MLA. Selvam is encouraged by a few party men to contest for an MLA seat during the next election. But, Singarasu is the man behind the plan and he wants to defeat Selvam to show his power. Selvam trusts a few friends, but later understands that it was Singarasu's plan. Selvam loses the election, as Singarasu provided money to vote for him to the public. This made Selvam furious and he decides to earn more money and use it for election purposes. He makes his close friend Lal to earn the confidence of Singarasu and collects all the information about his illegal business activities, while they are both also heavily involved in kidnapping rich businessmen in the city demanding money.
Coming back to the present, Selvam knows that Jayaseelan is handling the kidnap case and closely monitors his moves. Lakshmi Narayanan (Jayaprakash), Sowmya's father is kidnapped by Selvam and his men demanding money. Lakshmi Narayanan hands over the money to Selvam, who appears with a mask in front of him, while collecting the money. The next day, a meeting is arranged between Jayaseelan and Sowmya’s family members to discuss their marriage proposal. At that time, Lakshmi Narayanan observes the mannerisms of Selvam and doubts that he could be the one, who kidnapped him the day before. Selvam also understands that Lakshmi Narayanan has gotten a doubt on him and decides to kill him, before he could contact Jayaseelan. Lakshmi Narayanan requests Jayaseelan to meet him immediately, but ends up being killed by Selvam before that ever happened.
Jayaseelan formulates a plan to find the culprit. He decides to tap the mobile phones of all the leading businessmen in Madurai, so that he can get to know if the kidnapper calls any of them demanding money. A special team is set up to find out who are involved in phone tapping. A businessman gets a call demanding money and Jayaseelan decides to follow the person without anyone’s knowledge. While the businessman is about to hand over the money to Selvam and Lal, Jayaseelan interferes. Selvam and Lal escape from the spot and is chased by Jayaseelan. Lal is shot by Jayaseelan and gets arrested. But Selvam shoots himself in his hand and stages a scene that someone has shot him and ran away.
Jayaseelan believes the show staged by Selvam and admits him in the hospital. Meanwhile, Lal is killed by a hitman employed by Selvam. Jayaseelan and Selvam’s father overhears a conversation of Selvam with one of his henchmen on his mobile cell phone and found out that Selvam is the mastermind behind all of the kidnapping incidents. But, Selvam decides to kill his own father. In the meantime, Jayaseelan conducts a secret investigation against Selvam and finds out the truth. He has got enough evidence that Selvam shot himself based on the number of gun shots heard and also understands that Selvam staged a show that he was shot by the culprit who ran away. Jayaseelan goes to Selvam’s hideout and finds a secret room behind where their father is tied to a chair. Jayaseelan saves his father and brings him back home.
Now, Selvam is shocked to know that all of his illegal activities are exposed to his family members. He requests them not to take any action as he will become the next minister post election. Suddenly, Selvam rushes to kill Jayaseelan and his father. Jayaseelan retaliates and hits Selvam. Finally, their father asks Jayaseelan to kill Selvam saying that it will be a big embarrassment for their family, especially their grandfather Ramasamy’s image in the society, if the truth comes out to the public. Jayaseelan agrees and kills his brother Selvam, while putting his dead body beneath the bridge, where usually the kidnappers place the dead bodies of rich businessmen staging a scene that Selvam is also killed by the kidnappers demanding money. In the meantime, Jayaseelan encountered kills Selvam’s hitmen, who are staged and involved in all of the crimes with him as the culprits behind the kidnappings and closes the case.