Gaali Medalu

In a village, there were two friends Paanakaalu (S. V. Ranga Rao) & Ranganatham (Chittor V. Nagaiah). Ranganatham suffers from T.B., and before he leaves for medical treatment, he entrusts his only son Krishna and entire property to Paanakaalu.The greedy Paanakaalu leaves the village with the money and buys land in town by telling neighbors that he is going to Rangoon. After that, Ranganatham recovers and back then he knows Paanakaalu has left for Rangoon, so he too goes there in search of his son. In the town Paanakaalu is blessed with a son Mohan. He engages Ranganatham’s son Krishna in fields and own son Mohan in education, both of them grow and Panakalu becomes rich. Krishna (N. T. Rama Rao) is very good natured loves Lakshmi (Devika) daughter of Paanakaalu's distant relative Naganna. Paanakaalu takes money as dowry in advance from Naganna by promising that he will make Lakshmi's marriage with his second son Mohan (Jaggayya). In the city, Mohan gets spoiled and makes small cheatings with the help of his friend Platform (Ramana Reddy). He traps a beautiful girl Nirmala (Jayanthi) daughter of a Zamindar (Rajanala) by showcasing himself as a rich man. In the village, Paanakaalu finds out the love affair of Krishna & Lakshmi, he accuses Krishna. Also reveals that he is not his own son and sends him away from his house. At the same time, Paanakaalu comes to know that Mohan loved Zamindar's daughter of the same village and he is very happy. Now Paanakaalu plays a drama to stop Lakshmi's marriage with Mohan, he sends Lakshmi in search of Krishna. Naganna also follows her. All of them reach the city. A tea vendor Kanakam (Surabhi Balasaraswathi) gives shelter to Lakshmi. On the other side, Ranganatham goes to Rangoon, becomes very rich and comes back. Now he is in search of Paanakaalu. Fortunately, without knowing the truth Krishna joins at Ranganatham as a servant.
Simultaneously, Mohan is ready to marry Nirmala and for the marriage expenses, he makes Paanakaalu sell his entire property. During the time of marriage, Nagamma arrives and reveals the truth about Panakalu. Zamindar becomes furious but seeing his daughter's face he allows Mohan to stay with them and throws away Paanakaalu where he loses the leg and becomes a beggar. Parallelly, another story runs Platform gets acquaintance with Kanakam, they fell in love and changes his attitude. Platform surprised to see Lakshmi there and he also starts helping her in finding Krishna. Ranganatham & Zamindar are familiar with each other, he once visits his house and narrates his story, Mohan listens to everything from behind and makes a plan. Meanwhile, Krishna finds his mother as a daily labor both of them go in search of Paanakaalu by that time Mohan takes him far away from the city and leaves there so that no one can find him. Lakshmi & Platform protect him and takes to their house. Now Mohan starts a new story that he is brought up by Paanakaalu and he is the son of Ranganatham. Overexcited Ranganatham brings home Mohan and his wife. Krishna is shocked to see Mohan there he warns Mohan not to cheat such a noble person and leave the home until morning. But crooked Mohan tries to kill Ranganatham at night, Krishna protects him. At the same time, Paanakaalu arrives, reveals that Krishna is his actual son and Mohan also realizes his mistake. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Krishna & Lakshmi.