Persona 3 The Movie: Chapter 1, Spring of Birth

Due to an unfortunate accident during the Spring of April 6, 2009, Makoto Yuki (Akira Ishida) arrives in the city late at night on a delayed train. Upon disembarking at midnight, a strange phenomenon grips the city—shutting down all forms of technology and causing humans to become encased in coffins. Unperturbed, Makoto casually makes his way to the Iwatodai Dormitory where a mysterious boy (Akira Ishida) greets him with a contract after which he meets fellow dormmates, Yukari Takeba (Megumi Toyoguchi) and Mitsuru Kirijo (Rie Tanaka), albeit the pair weary of his arrival at midnight.
The next day, Makoto enrolls at Gekkoukan High School as a sophomore with Yukari and fellow classmate Junpei Iori (Kōsuke Toriumi). Afterwards the school's Chairman of the board, Shuji Ikutsuki (Hideyuki Hori), asks Yukari to keep a close eye on Makoto due to his uncanny characteristics which hint at his "potential" and coincidental circumstances involving the death of his parents during an accident in the city some ten years previous. Meanwhile Makoto finds himself in a place called the Velvet Room and becomes acquainted with Igor (Isamu Tanonaka) and Elizabeth (Miyuki Sawashiro).
During the full moon of April 9, while Ikutsuki, Mitsuru and Yukari are observing Makoto during the midnight phenomenon, Akihiko Sanada (Hikaru Midorikawa) rushes back to the dorm just as it comes under the attack of a swarm of monstrous creatures. Yukari immediately grabs Makoto and flees to the roof. However they are cornered by a giant creature who knocks Yukari out. Much to everyone's amazement though, Makoto awakens to the power of Persona, calling forth Orpheus. However another Persona known as Thanatos, rips out of Orpheus and grotesquely destroys the creature before Makoto faints.
After having been unconscious for over a week, Makoto awakens in the hospital to find Yukari, who explains their similarity in having both lost parents during the accident in the past. The next day Ikutsuki, Akihiko and Mitsuru recruit Makoto to the Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad—SEES to help them fight the Shadow creatures responsible for the Apathy Syndrome by preying on humans during the Dark Hour midnight phenomenon. Not long after as Junpei also joins SEES, Akihiko deduces that they have enough members to begin exploring their school's Dark Hour form, a Shadow-infested labyrinth called Tartarus, where they hope to unearth the mystery of the Dark Hour. Makoto also befriends Fuka Yamagishi (Mamiko Noto) and learns of her strained relationship with class bully, Natsuki Moriyama (Yuka Komatsu).
During the full moon on May 9, Mitsuru detects an abnormally large Shadow presence aboard a train and deploys Makoto, Yukari and Junpei to investigate. However the trio are ambushed by the Shadows just as the train begins accelerating. Junpei charges ahead and encounters the Priestess Arcana which overwhelms him. However as the train nears an inevitable collision, Makoto evokes the Wild Card ability to defeat the Priestess with Junpei before stopping the runaway train.
On the night of May 30, two girls fall victim to the Apathy Syndrome in front of the school which prompts widespread rumors. Yukari, Junpei and Makoto go looking for answers from the delinquents behind Port Island Station and learn from Shinjiro Aragaki (Kazuya Nakai) that the girls had been bullying Fuka before the latter suddenly disappeared that same night. On June 8, Natsuki confesses to Mitsuru that she and her friends had locked Fuka inside the school's gymnasium. However when her friends went to check on Fuka that same night, she had mysteriously vanished while the latter developed the Apathy cases after being preyed on by Shadows. That night the SEES members deduce that Fuka may be trapped inside the Tartarus tower and plan to rescue her. However when Mitsuru asks Makoto to accompany them, Yukari grows frustrated at his ambivalence and he excludes himself from the mission. Instead, Mitsuru elects him to protect Natsuki at the dorm where he listens to Natsuki's reasoning for bullying Fuka and relates that Fuka genuinely considers her as a friend.
Afterwards the SEES members break into the school and indeed find Fuka inside Tartarus when the Dark Hour strikes. However when Akihiko pieces together the connection between the full moon and the powerful Shadows, Mitsuru and Yukari come under attack by the Emperor and Empress Arcanas at Tartarus' entrance. Junpei, Akihiko and Fuka rush to their aid however the Arcanas easily overwhelm all of their Personas. In the midst of the battle, Fuka also awakens a Persona, Lucia, to defend an entranced Natsuki. However when the Emperor moves to attack her, Makoto arrives in the nick of time and launches a barrage of Persona attacks despite his teammates begging him to flee for his safety. With everyone approaching their physical limits, Fuka uses Lucia to sense the Arcanas' weaknesses and coordinates the SEES members in a collaborative effort which results in the Shadows' defeat. A few days later, Fuka moves into the Iwatodai dorm and repairs her relations with Natsuki, while life returns to a level of normalcy.
In a post-credits scene, the mysterious boy appears to Makoto and introduces himself as Pharos. Meanwhile at an undisclosed location, a girl awakens from a slumber.