Kamen Rider Ex-Aid the Movie: True Ending

The film is set a few days after the end of the TV Series. A new strain of the Bugster Virus spreads among the population and a group of Ninja Players led by Kamen Rider Fuma invades the Seito University Hospital. Emu, Poppy, Hiiro and Taiga transform into Kamen Riders to fight back, but are defeated, and everybody except for Emu is infected and put into a coma, with Fuma using his Gashacon Bugvisor on a child patient with brain tumor called Madoka Hoshi and rendering her also unconscious before leaving. Once she awakes, Poppy is surprised to see her friends participating in a School Festival, as if nothing had happened. Meanwhile, Kiriya and Kuroto start to investigate the origin of this new virus and discover through Genm Corp's new president Tsukuru Koboshi that Masamune once negociated with Johnny Maxima, the CEO of the game company Machina Vision regarding the contents of Kamen Rider Chronicle, but the deal was never completed, and both a Rider Gashat and Gamer Driver was stolen a few days later, along part of the company's data.
Kiriya then confronts both Maxima and Fuma who is revealed as Kagenari Nagumo, Madoka's father. Kagenari then reveals that he sent Madoka and the others to the VR world for her sake, and does the same with Maxima and Kiriya. Kuroto then instructs Emu to enter the VR world to rescue them using a special VR system he developed and gives him a new Gashat called "Mighty Creator VRX". As Emu enters the game, Kuroto creates a distraction for Fuma with Parad's help. Once learning their plans, Kagenari chases after Emu to the VR world but is defeated by him. Emu then uses his new powers to create an exit for everybody to escape, but Madoka refuses to leave with them and stays alone in the VR world, until Maxima appears before her and uses the power she obtained for himself.
Back to the real world, the riders confront Kagenari about his actions and learn that his intention was to let Madoka live happily in the VR world as there was little chance for her to survive her treatment and even if she does, she would suffer from complications afterwards. Maxima then appears before them, revealing that he obtained the power to transform into Gamedeus and will use it to destroy the world. The riders then confront Maxima, but are overpowered by him, until Kuroto and Parad sacrifice themselves to restrain his powers with their own, forcing him to flee. Back at the CR, Emu and the others learn that Madoka's condition had worsened, and Hiiro, Emu and Asuna perform an emergency operation to save her. Meanwhile, Taiga and Kiriya decide to storm the headquarters of Machina Vision. Kagenari confronts them just to be defeated, and Maxima appears to attack them. Emu and Hiiro join the battle after the operation is completed and Emu reveals to Kagenari that he realized that Madoka's true wish was his own happiness. He also informs him that the operation was a success but she needs him by her side for her consciousness to return to the real world. As Kiriya leaves with Kagenari, Maxima ejects both Parad and Kuroto from his body to regain his full powers as Gamedeus and proceeds to destroy the world, until Emu transforms into Hyper Muteki to destroy him for good, while Kagenari, once reunited with his daughter, greets her as she wakes up.
With the incident solved, and the Bugster threat eradicated from Earth, the riders then return to their daily lives. In the post-credits, Emu and Parad confront a group of Bugsters when they are intercepted by Kamen Rider Build, who defeats Parad and extracts Ex-Aid's essence from Emu before leaving.