Kalisundam Raa

Raghaviah (K. Vishwanath) and Ram Mohan Rao (Ranganath) are brothers-in-law. But Ram Mohan Rao is at loggerhead with Raghavaiah because of a family feud. Raghavaiah is nearing his 60's and it's time for his Shastipoorti ceremony. It's time for gathering, folks! Upon incessant request from his wife, Raghavaiah decides to invite (for the first time) his daughter-in-law and grandchildren who are staying in Bombay. Raghu (Venkatesh) is the alienated handsome grandson of Raghavaiah. After arriving at Ramapuram from Bombay, he faces embarrassment from the members of Raghavaiah's family. There he meets a childlike beauty Manga (Simran). Manga and Raghu play few pranks on each other and slowly they fall deep in love. But they never admit their love to each other. With his unconditional love towards the family members, Raghu wins the confidence and hearts of them.
Later on, Raghu comes to know the real flashback behind the feud between the families of Raghavaiah and Ram Mohan Rao. Raghu's father Bhaskar Rao (Achyuth) is supposed to marry Ram Mohan Rao's daughter Rajani (Meena Kumari). Bhaskar prefers his college flame Kousalya (Venniradi Nirmala) than Rajani, So he leaves for Mumbai and gets married and disappointed Rajani opts for suicide. Ram Mohan Rao blames it on Raghavaiah and starts treating him indifferently. Erra Babu (Srihari), the fiery son of Ram Mohan Rao, is another victim in the incident. He develops the prejudice against Raghavaiah and aims for his blood.
After a few days of timely strategic manipulation, Raghu succeeds in bringing the two troubled families together. Then they decide to marry Manga off to Ram Mohan Rao's grandson to tighten their family bonds. Raghu sacrifices his love in order to make sure that everybody is happy. As the preparations are going on for the wedding of Manga, they find that Manga is missing.Everyone knows about Raghu and Manga Love story and finally Erra babu realise his mistake and also agree their love and unite both lovers.