Wind River

During a winter season in Wind River Indian Reservation in Wyoming, expert tracker and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agent Cory Lambert discovers the frozen body of 18-year-old Natalie Hanson who was barefoot, without proper winter attire, miles from any building, and had a blood-stained groin. FBI special agent Jane Banner arrives to investigate a possible homicide. The next day, Jane learns from Natalie's father, Martin, that his daughter was dating a new boyfriend, but he does not know the man's name or whereabouts. The autopsy shows blunt trauma and sexual violence and confirms Cory's deduction that the girl died from exposure, specifically pulmonary hemorrhage caused by rapid inhalation of sub-zero air. However, the medical examiner is unable to confirm the death as a homicide, therefore preventing Jane from calling in an additional FBI investigative unit.
Cory discovers that Natalie's boyfriend is Matt Rayburn who works security at a nearby oil drilling site. The next day, Matt's body is discovered, nude and heavily ravaged by scavenging wildlife. Cory tells Jane about his daughter's death three years earlier, whose body was discovered in the snow, following a party while he and his wife were away.
Jane, accompanied by Tribal Police Chief Ben Shoyo and additional officers, visit the drill site where they meet with several of the security guards. They report that Matt stormed off a few days ago following an argument with Natalie and has not been seen since. One guard mentions that they heard about Natalie's body being found by monitoring law enforcement radio channels. Jane points out that Natalie's name was not given out. One of the police officers notices that the security guards are slowly surrounding Jane and her team. The confrontation quickly escalates into an armed standoff as they argue over who has jurisdiction. Jane defuses the situation by asserting federal authority. She asks to see where Matt was bunking, and they resume their approach to the trailer.
A flashback then depicts Natalie in bed with Matt in his trailer. Unexpectedly, his security colleagues barge into the trailer after a night of hard drinking. Pete, a particularly vulgar crew member, taunts them and tries to sexually assault Natalie, which provokes Matt to violence. The guards retaliate by beating Matt down while Pete rapes Natalie. Matt's attempt to fight back gives Natalie an opportunity to escape, but the group bludgeon him to death.
Back in the present, Cory has retraced the tracks from where Matt's corpse was found back to the drilling camp. Meanwhile, Jane and the police approach the drill crew's sleeping quarters. Cory, standing at a distance on a hill above the camp and looking down at the group, radios a warning to Ben but not before Jane, wearing a bullet-proof vest, is hit in the chest by a shotgun blast fired through the door by Pete, wounding her. A firefight ensues, in which Ben and the other officers are killed. As the surviving security guards prepare to execute Jane, Cory picks them off with his rifle, except for Pete, who, though wounded, flees on foot. Cory catches Pete and takes him up a mountain top. After forcing Pete's confession, Cory offers him the same chance Natalie had: a barefooted escape toward a distant road wearing light-weight clothing. Pete runs through the snow but quickly succumbs as his lungs give out from the same pulmonary hemorrhage that killed Natalie.
Cory visits Jane in the hospital and praises her toughness. He later visits Martin, finding him sitting outside his house wearing his "death face" paint. Cory tells Martin that the case is closed and that the man responsible for Natalie's death went out, "with a whimper." They share grief over their daughters' deaths.
A title card states that missing-persons statistics are kept for every demographic group, except for Native American women, whose numbers remain unknown.