Valtsalyam

Meledathu Raghavan Nair is the only support of a big family that includes his mother, wife Malathi, brother Vijayakumaran Nair, sister Sudha, uncle Kunjammama and his daughter Nalini. After Raghavan Nair’s father’s death the whole responsibility of the family came upon Raghavan Nair. His father had left with them huge amount of debts which then reached a stage of attachment from court. At that critical juncture it was Nair’s uncle Kunjammama who helped them repay the debts by selling his property out of love for Nair’s father and his family. Nair’s brother Vijayakumaran Nair is studying for LLB. Raghavan Nair has pinged his entire hope on his brother Vijayakumaran Nair and wants to see him as a lawyer. After Vijayakumaran Nair became a lawyer he gets a marriage proposal of a senior advocate’s (under whom he practises) daughter. The marriage takes place contrary to the understanding that it is Nalini (daughter of Kunjammama) who is to marry him. However, before the marriage, regarding this matter there was a small clash between him and his brother Raghavan Nair. Since Raghavan Nair felt that he was not being loyal to Kunjammama’s daughter Nalini who were to marry Vijayakumaran Nair, he arranges a marriage for her before his brother’s marriage. After the marriage Vijayakumaran Nair’s wife Sobha tries to dominate the house in each and every matter. There occurs small clashes between her and the family members. Later a marriage proposal for the brother’s only sister Sudha arrives for which the bridegroom’s family demand large amount of money and gold. In order to meet this Raghavan Nair had to ask the help of his brother who in turn turns for the same to his wife Sobha. Sobha says that she will give the money on the condition that it will be returned and in the family she will be respected. One day when the family sit together for meal Raghavan Nair comes in between straight from the fields to dine with them. This irritates Sobha and she tells that it is unhygienic and she cannot stand the bad odour emanating from the mud-filled Nair. This in turn infuriates Sudha who sees her elder brother insulted. Sobha who takes Sudha’s stand in the situation as threatening tries to evade from her earlier stand to give money for Nalini’s marriage. However she is ready to help them if only the entire family is ready to bow before her. This Raghavan Nair sees as an insult to the entire family. He then decides to make the entire money by himself. In order to do so he pawns his share of the family wealth and finds money for the marriage. Meanwhile, another egoistic encounter of Sobha with Kunjammama forces him to leave the family. When Raghavan Nair also felt that his stay with his brother would only destroy the entire family, he also leaves the family to a new place, find some land and starts farming. After his brother left Vijayakumaran who is now alienated in the home feels estranged completely. He then meets his father in law (the advocate) who tells him that it was his mistake that he could not control his wife which led to all this. Vijayakumaran Nair then confronts his wife reasons her and slaps her. He then goes to his brother who now stays in a new place and asks him to come back. But Raghavan Nair rejects his brothers request with love and tells him that he is always with him and will come back to home whenever he feels like he should meet his brother. The movie ends with Raghavan Nair cherishing his love for his brother.