Gurupaarvai

The film begins with Gurumurthy (Prakash Raj) who follows Pooja (Easwari Rao) like a mental. Gurumurthy claims to be Mahendra Boopathy in his past life and he was in love with Alamelu. According to him, Pooja looks like his lover Alamelu and Gurumurthy finally seduces her. They decide to get married but the day before their wedding, he foists prostitution charges on her and she is arrested.
Gurumurthy is in fact a mechanic. Shanti (Kushboo), a petty thief, steals money to bring up her two nephews. She befriends with Gurumurthy and he accommodates her. They both fall in love and Shanti is renamed Sonali by Gurumurthy. They get married at the register office and Shanti signs under the name Sonali.
One day, Gurumurthy cancels the wedding of girl named Sonali (Madhu Sharma) and he claims to be her husband, to prove it, he shows his marriage certificate. His wife Shanthi doesn't understand why he behaves like a sadist and she is ready to leave him. Gurumurthy ultimately tells his bitter past.
In the past, Gurumurthy, despite being a young gold-medalist graduate, was unable to find a work. He lived with his mother, his sister Kalyani and his grandmother. His neighbour Priya (Anju Aravind) fell in love with Gurumurthy and she decide to live in Gurumurthy's house without getting married. Gurumurthy had a chance to get a job in a bank if he passed an exam. The day of the exam, he inadvertently lost his hall-ticket. In the meantime, Pooja, Sonali and Indhu (Indhu) were attack by the rowdy Kabali and they killed him accidentally. The police pressured them, they found Gurumurthy's hall-ticket at the crime scene and they blamed him. Gurumurthy was immediately arrested, Kabaali's brother Kaali (Thalaivasal Vijay) killed Gurumurthy's entire family and his lover Priya. Gurumurthy was sent in jail for 7 years and Kaali fled to Ooty. Kaali changed his appearance, his name and he became a successful businessman.
Gurumurthy seeks Kaali and Indhu. Kaali is now married to Indhu and they have a girl. In the end, Gurumurthy tricks Indhu into shooting Kaali for which she gets arrested and Guru ends up adopting Indhu's daughter as his own.