Call Me by Your Name

Elio, a 17-year-old Jewish-American-Italian youth, lives with his parents in rural Northern Italy. His father, a professor of archaeology, invites a 24-year-old Jewish-American graduate student, Oliver, to live with him and his family over the summer and help with his academic paperwork. Elio, an introspective bibliophile and musical prodigy, initially finds little in common with Oliver, who has a contrastingly carefree and exuberant personality. Elio resents having to give up his bedroom for Oliver for the duration of his stay. He spends much of the summer reading, playing piano, and hanging out with his girlfriend, Marzia. Oliver is meanwhile attracted to one of the local girls, much to Elio's annoyance.
Elio and Oliver begin a seductive courtship: they swim together, go for long walks into town, and accompany Elio's father on an archaeological trip. Elio begins a sexual relationship with Marzia and brags about it in front of Oliver to gauge his reaction, but nonetheless finds himself increasingly attracted to Oliver. He sneaks into Oliver's room to smell his bathing suit, and thinks about him while masturbating. During a trip to the post office, Elio confesses his feelings to Oliver, who tells him he should not act on them. Later that day, Elio and Oliver kiss, but Oliver is reluctant to go any further. The two grow distant.
In response to a note from Elio, Oliver leaves a note on Elio's desk telling Elio to meet him at midnight. Elio spends the day with Marzia but longs to see Oliver. At midnight, he approaches Oliver and they have sex. They become more physically and emotionally intimate over the next few days, having sex frequently while keeping their relationship secret. Smitten with Oliver by this point, Elio starts avoiding Marzia.
As the end of Oliver's stay approaches, the couple find themselves overcome by uncertainty and longing. Elio's parents, who are aware of the bond between the two, recommend they visit Bergamo together before Oliver returns to the United States. After spending three romantic days together, Elio, heartbroken, calls his mother and asks her to pick him up and take him home. Marzia, who still wants to be friends with Elio, is sympathetic; his father, seeing Elio's sadness, tells him he was aware of their relationship, confesses to almost having had a similar relationship in his own youth, and urges Elio to find pleasure in his grief.
During Hanukkah, Oliver telephones Elio and his family to tell them he is engaged to be married. Oliver tells Elio he "remembers everything" very clearly. After the call, Elio sits by the fireplace, distraught, as his parents and the house staff prepare a holiday dinner.