Spectre

A posthumous message from the previous M leads Bond to carry out an unauthorised mission in Mexico City on the Day of the Dead, where he stops a terrorist bombing plot. Confronting the criminals' leader, Marco Sciarra, Bond grabs his ring, emblazoned with a stylised octopus, and kills him by kicking him out of his helicopter. Returning to London, Bond is suspended from field duty by the new M, who is in the midst of a power struggle with Max Denbigh (whom Bond dubs "C"), the head of a privately backed agency, the Joint Intelligence Service. C campaigns for Britain to form "Nine Eyes", a global surveillance and intelligence initiative, and uses his influence to close down the '00' field agent section, which he believes is outdated.
Bond disobeys M's order and travels to Rome to attend Sciarra's funeral. He seduces Sciarra's widow, Lucia, who tells him Marco belonged to an organisation of businessmen with criminal and terrorist connections. Bond uses Sciarra's ring to infiltrate a meeting to select Sciarra's replacement, where he identifies the leader, Franz Oberhauser. After hearing Oberhauser give the order for the "Pale King" to be assassinated, Bond is pursued across the city by the organisation's assassin, Mr. Hinx. Moneypenny informs Bond that the Pale King is Mr. White, a former member of the organisation's subsidiary Quantum who had fallen afoul of Oberhauser. Bond asks her to investigate Oberhauser, who was presumed dead years earlier.
Bond locates White in Altaussee, Austria, where he learns that White is dying of thallium poisoning. He tells Bond to find and protect his daughter, Dr. Madeline Swann, who will take him to L'Américain; this will take him to the next step. White commits suicide. Bond approaches Swann, and after rescuing her from Hinx, the two meet Q. Through Sciarra's ring, Q forensically links Oberhauser to Bond's previous missions, identifying Le Chiffre, Dominic Greene and Raoul Silva as agents of the same organization, which Swann identifies as Spectre.
Swann takes Bond to L'Américain, a hotel in Tangier, and they discover that White left evidence directing them to Oberhauser's base at a crater in the Sahara. Taking a train to a remote station, Bond and Swann encounter Hinx, who gets ejected from the train in the ensuing struggle, and are escorted to Oberhauser's base. Oberhauser reveals that Spectre has been funding the Joint Intelligence Service while staging terrorist attacks around the world, creating a need for the Nine Eyes programme. In return, C will give Spectre unlimited access to intelligence gathered by Nine Eyes, allowing them to anticipate and counter-act investigations into their operations. Bond is tortured as Oberhauser discusses their shared history: after the younger Bond was orphaned, Oberhauser's father Hannes became his temporary guardian. Believing that Bond supplanted his role as son, Oberhauser killed his father and staged his own death, adopting the name Ernst Stavro Blofeld. He went on to form Spectre and target Bond. With the use of his exploding wristwatch, Bond and Swann overpower him and escape, destroying the base in an explosion and leaving Blofeld to die.
As the Moroccan facility was one node in a wider network, Bond and Swann return to London where they meet M, Bill Tanner, Q, and Moneypenny with the intention of arresting C and stopping Nine Eyes from being activated. Swann and Bond are abducted separately, while the rest of the group proceed with the plan. After Q succeeds in preventing the Nine Eyes from going online, a struggle between M and C ends with C falling to his death. Bond is taken to the ruins of the old MI6 building, scheduled for demolition after Raoul Silva's bombing. He encounters a now-scarred Blofeld, who tells him that Bond must escape before explosives are detonated or die trying to save Swann. Bond finds Swann and they escape by boat as the building collapses. Bond shoots down Blofeld's helicopter, which crashes onto Westminster Bridge. As Blofeld crawls from the wreckage, Bond confronts him but leaves him to be arrested by M, before leaving the bridge with Swann.