Nasrani

The story begins on the eve of the wedding of David John Kottarathil (Mammooty) and Sara Eapen (Vimala Raman). The two were childhood sweethearts, both hailing from rich planter families in the small but affluent town of Kottayam, Kerala. While both families are celebrating in their own homes, Sara's father Eapen (Riza Bava) is visibly disturbed. He has just received a phone call from Alice, his mistress, who is demanding public acknowledgement of their relationship. She wants to attend the wedding of David and Sara, as a means to achieve this. Eapen, who is a rich planter, is at risk of losing his good name in society, despite having generously provided for Aice and their daughter thus far. He offers to pay for her silence with a bigger bungalow and his estates in a far-away town of Chikmaglur. He requests John Kottarathil (Captain Raju), his best friend - whose son is set to marry Sara the next day - to accompany him while talking to his mistress. John requests the help of M C Paul (Vijayaraghavan), a rising politician and Eapen's brother-in-law to aid in the negotiation. The trio meet the mistress to discuss terms, but in a fit of rage, a drunk Eapen ends up shooting her. Eapen also tries to kill his illegitimate daughter, the nine year old Annie (Baby Niranjana/Mukta) but John stops him. In the struggle that follows, Eapen is also shot. John looks at Paul for assistance, but is met with a helpless silence.
Ten years later, John is retelling this story to the jailor Rajeevan (Bheeman Reghu), who points out that John's defense in court was half-hearted and that he seems uninterested in parole despite possibly being eligible for it. John confirms this, saying he feels guilty for Eapen's death, although it was a genuine accident while saving Annie. Further, he reveals that Paul had requested that his presence at the scene of crime be kept a secret, lest it should affect his image and political prospects.
The marriage of David and Sara never happened, primarily because Sara's mother is against her marrying David, whose father John was responsible for Eapen's death. She even believes John supported Eapen's affair with Alice. Meanwhile, David and Sara are still in love and observe their "anniversary" in a romantic manner, supported by his driver and right hand man Suku (Kalabhavan Mani). DK, as David is known, is a rich planter and the Secretary of the Cosmo Club - the hangout of the rich and famous in the town of Kottayam. He has a close gang of friends at the club, which includes Rajagopal Kartha (Lalu Alex), Superintendent of Police, Kottayam and several businessmen. Sara is a lecturer at the local college.
M.C Paul has grown in stature as a politician, having served as the Revenue Minister of the state and undisputed leader of the Malankara Congress party. He now aims to launch his son Dr.Benny Paul (Arun), who is a prominent youth leader. He has his eye on the Assembly seat in Kaduthuruthy constituency in Kottayam, which was vacated by incumbent Ummachan (Jagathy Sreekumar) following allegations of corruption. Despite his popularity, Benny is facing a potential scandal related to the recent suicide of Archana, a student of the Kottayam Medical College. He publicly denies any relationship with her, but this is contested by Annie - Eapen's illegitimate daughter who is now under David and Sara's care. Annie was Archana's best friend and knew of her affair with Benny.
Benny is found dead in his home the next day, and Annie is believed to have killed him. She confides in David, stating that despite intending to kill Benny for denying his relationship with Archana, she arrived at his home only to find him dead already from a stab wound. David realizes that the Police-Politician nexus has already decided to frame Annie for the crime and also comes to know of evidence fabricated for the purpose. He uses his influence and resources to keep her away from the reach of the law until he can clear her name by finding the real culprit. He loses some of his closest friends in the process.
The rest of the action-thriller is about his quest to prove Annie's innocence and exposing the false idols in socio-politics in the town of Kottayam and the state itself.