Green Room

Pat, Sam, Reece and Tiger are members of a punk band, the Ain't Rights, travelling through the Pacific Northwest. After their gig is cancelled, local radio host Tad arranges a show through his cousin, Daniel, at a neo-Nazi skinhead bar in the woods outside Portland.
After the show, Pat returns to the green room to retrieve Sam's phone and sees the body of a girl, Emily, who has been stabbed to death by a neo-Nazi . Pat saw a woman named Amber witnessing the death of her best friend Emily at the hands of the neo-Nazi. He calls the police, but bar employees Gabe and Big Justin confiscate the band's phones and hold them hostage in the green room. Gabe pays a skinhead to stab another to create a cover story for the police who respond to the call. He consults with bar owner and skinhead leader Darcy, who decides to kill the band to eliminate witnesses.
The band overpowers Big Justin and hold him hostage, taking a boxcutter from his pocket and his gun. They negotitate through the door with Darcy, who asks them to surrender the gun. Pat agrees, but as he opens the door, Amber realizes it's a trap and shouts. Darcy and his men slash at Pat's arm with machetes until he drops the gun, but he manages to close the door. Big Justin attacks the band, but Reece chokes him into unconsciousness. When Big Justin surprises Reece by awaking again, Reece strangles Big Justin and Amber kills him with a box cutter.
Searching for a way out, the band discover an underground drug lab, but the only exit is locked from the outside. Arming themselves with improvised weapons, they exit the green room into the empty club, but are attacked by a dog, which kills Tiger. Amber and Pat drive the dog away with microphone feedback. Reece tries to flee through a window, but a skinhead hacks him to death. Pat, Amber, and Sam retreat to the green room.
Darcy sends Daniel into the club to kill the band, who Darcy claims murdered Emily. Amber reveals to Daniel that it was really Werm who murdered her after discovering he and his girlfriend Emily planned to leave the skinheads. Daniel joins forces with Pat, Amber, and Sam and agrees to help them escape and leads the band into the club. Suddenly, a bartender breaks into the club and shoots Daniel to death. The group executes the bartender and takes his shotgun, unfortunately, Sam is killed by a dog, and Darcy's men wound Amber, who scrambles back to the green room with Pat.
Darcy sends skinheads Jonathan and Kyle after Pat and Amber, and leaves with the bodies, planning to stage their deaths to appear as if they were killed trespassing. Pat lures Jonathan into the drug lab while Kyle remains in the green room and is attacked and killed by Amber with her own boxcutter. As Pat fights Jonathan, Amber sneaks up and shoots him. Gabe enters the green room to find his companions dead and surrenders to Pat and Amber. Holding Gabe at gunpoint, they trek through the woods.
When Pat hears Darcy and his men staging the crime scene, he and Amber go after them. Before that, Pat orders Gabe to go to a farm and call the police. Gabe has no choice but to call the police in a nearby farm. Pat and Amber manages to kill skinheads Clark and Alan. Darcy attempts to pull a revolver from his jacket but is executed by Pat and Amber.
Their ammunition and energy spent; Pat and Amber sit on the side of the road and wait for the police at the end of the film.