Flight Crew

Alexey Gushchin is a talented young military pilot does not accept authority and acts in accordance with a personal code of honor. He is given a mission to deliver a cargo of supplies for charity, but the plane is also filled with cars for a general whose friend's daughter is getting married. During the mission, realising that the plane cannot go through the storm easily, he disposes of one of the cars in mid-air. For his actions, he is prevented from flying a military aircraft again and in spite of that, he asks his father Igor (famous aircraft engineer) for help getting back on the scene. He applies to a passenger airline, with Leonid Zinchenko overseeing his examination in a simulation. During the test, Alexey demonstrates impressive flying skills, but fails the test when he is unable to prevent the plane from crashing into a building on landing. Leonid, under pressure from his peers, retries the test and also crashes, forcing him to hire Alexey as the second pilot-trainee on the Tu-204SM along with attendant Andrey under the guidance of Zinchenko. Meanwhile, Zinchenko is experiencing family problems due to his absence from home and his alienation from his son Valera, who has abandoned education. Meanwhile, Alexey begins a relationship with pilot Alexandra Kuzmina.
On one of their flights, Gushchin and Zinchenko evacuate tourists from an African country in a revolution, but Gushchin becomes appalled when he learns that Zinchenko refused to allow the locals to board the plane. Zinchenko tells him that he must just stick to his orders.
While preparing for a flight, Gushchin confronts a wealthy man who refuses to obey safety regulations. Eventually, this leads to a fight on a plane, and Gushchin is fired. At the same time, he and Alexandra strain their relationship. The next day, on the train, Gushchin is confronted by Zinchenko who, impressed with Alexey's abilities, wants him back. Zinchenko also plans to take Valera on the next flight as well to convince him to continue his education.
The crew boards the plane for their next flight to Southeast Asia. During the flight, the crew receives a message about a volcanic eruption on one of the Aleutian Islands called Kanwoo and decides to go to the epicenter of the disaster to evacuate people before the expected volcano eruption. The crew arrives at the Kanwoo airport, where they discover that many people were killed or injured. They must now evacuate the remaining people who are coming on minibuses. Gushchin goes to the airport, when suddenly a powerful earthquake destroys the airport's infrastructure and destroys one of the runways, while the other one is covered with burning oil.
The crew then receives word that one of the minibuses has become trapped in a rockfall. Gushchin, Andrey and Valera go on two minibuses to retrieve the passengers. After the minibuses leave, Zinchenko, Alexandra and the rest of the passengers observe the eruption of the volcano. Realising that the runway will be soon overflowed with lava, Zinchenko and Alexandra abandon Tu-204 in favour of An-26, intending to leave Tu-204 for Alexey. Meanwhile, Gushchin, Andrey and Valera find the stranded passengers, but on their way back to the airport, the road is blocked by a lava flow. Andrey, who has driven his minivan into the lava, tells the passengers to get out of the back and climb into Gushchin's van. He manages to then save himself just in time before the van is swept off the cliff by the flow.
The trio and the passengers make it back to the airport on foot, only to find Tu-204 standing empty and Zinchenko and the rest of the passengers gone. The group climbs into the plane. Seeing that it is impossible to take off at the main runway due to its damage, Gushchin decides to use the shorter runway, which is covered in burning oil. After a water tower breaks and puts out the fire, Gushchin is able to take off successfully. Despite several engine fires from the ash cloud, the crew manages to escape the zone. The crew then comes into contact with Zinchenko's plane. Valera, knowing of his father's actions and seeing them as unjust, tells him over the radio, "I will never forgive you".
The only appropriate airport of them to land in Elisovo Airport, but a storm is now approaching the airport. Zinchenko reports to Alexei the fuel tank was damaged during take off, resulting in them rapidly losing fuel. This means that they would not be able to reach the coast. Igor, who has discovered his son's whereabouts, and is now at the air company's HQ, tells him over the radio his proposed plan: using the cage on An-26, they can transfer the passengers from that plane to Tu-204, which has much more fuel. Gushchin accepts the idea, and is backed by Valera, Andrey and the passengers.
The planes meet at an acceptable height, and the passengers of An-26 transfer a cable to Tu-204, allowing them to begin evacuating the passengers on An-26 via the cage. The first two operations are successful, with Alexandra being amongst the ones saved, but on the third go, the cage's ropes snap, sending 11 people falling to their deaths, forcing Zinchenko to evacuate An-26 on the cable before the plane plunges into the ocean. The crew then receives the news that conditions at Elisovo have worsened, but the crew still decides to land there due to their plane having one engine and a faulty chassis, disobeying their order. Gushchin admits to fearing landing the malfunctioning plane in bad weather and risking the lives of passangers, but Zinchenko reminds him of his skill. At landing, the landing chassis breaks and one of the engines flies off with its wing, but nevertheless, the entire crew survives. Zinchenko congratulates Gushchin with the landing, and leaves the plane, helped by Valera, who has forgiven his father. As emergency services begin to arrive, the survivors rejoice and mourn the loss of their loved ones. Victorious, Gushchin leaves the scene into the night while Alexandra looks on.
Sometime later, Gushchin and Alexandra have married and Zinchenko has fully reconciled with Valera. Despite this, they are fired from their jobs as pilots by the flight company's director for disobeying the order to not land at Elisovo. However, after the two leave, the director make a call to Aeroflot, asking them if they "need any pilots in their company". Gushchin and Zinchenko are transferred to Aeroflot as flight interns, while Alexandra becomes a pilot in the same company.