Ek Hi Raasta

Atin Singh (Jeetendra) son of Raja Kamal Nain Singh (Utpal Dutt), who is a Zamindar in name only, doesn't have any property. Atin works as sales manager for an automobile company in Bombay, where he falls in love with a girl, Veena (Asha Sachdev), daughter of a multimillionaire, Mr. Chowdary (Om Shivpuri). Kamal Nain Singh wants to make his daughter Vasna's (Ruhi) marriage in a rich house and for the dowry, he fixes Athin's marriage with another rich man's daughter Ketki (Shabana Azmi). In the beginning, Atin doesn't agree, but with his father's pressure, he had to forcibly marry Kelty, who is a soft, delightful woman who has a lot of respect towards elders.
After the marriage, he comes back to Bombay and convinces Veena that he will get the divorce from his wife and remarry to her. Atin goes back to the village to take a divorce from Ketki, on that night both of them sexually assault with each other accidentally. The next day he insists that Ketki give him the divorce, she agrees and signs the papers. Atin successfully reaches Veena with divorce papers, both of them decide to marry, but her father doesn't agree with it and compulsorily she has to leave the house and marries Atin. Ketki continues to stay with her husband's parents and besides looking after them, which makes Kamal Nain Singh realize. After a few days, Ketki becomes pregnant and gives birth to a baby boy Munna (Master Inderjeet).
Years pass on and Ketki works as a school teacher and has also brought up her son. Nirmal (Vinod Mehra) co-employ of Ketki, who is a very good friend of her and takes care of Munna as his own son, who is craving his father's love. Now, Kamal Nain Singh decides to make a remarriage of Ketki with Nirmal. And there, Atin and Veena's married life is also disturbed since Veena is a spinster and an ultra modern woman; Atin does not like her attitude and is not able to bear her expenses. At the same time, Veena's friend Vikram (Umrani) traps her and makes her give a divorce to Atin and after that Vikram cheats on her, which leads to her suicide. After the death of Veena, Atin realizes his mistake and he goes back to the village to meet his wife and son, but his father doesn't allow him inside the house. A good-intentioned Nirmal helps bring about a reunion between Atin, Ketki and their son.