Aranmanai

In a village, a group of people are led by Ayyanar (Saravanan) on a tractor. They are going to tidy the palace for owners who are coming to their ancestral Aranmanai (palace) to sell it. During the night, the cook (Kadhal Dhandapani) is frightened by some supernatural being in the palace and he disappears.
The next day, an estranged Eshwari (Kovai Sarala) returns with her husband (Manobala) and son Muliankannan (Nithin Sathya). Eshwari's brother (Chitra Lakshmanan) and his daughter Maya (Raai Laxmi) welcome them. The brother and sister, along with another older brother's son Murali (Vinay Rai) and his new wife Madhavi (Andrea Jeremiah) have gathered to sell their Palace off to Ayyanar, who had leased the property for five years. Meanwhile, Paalsamy (Santhanam) sneaks into Aranmanai under the guise of a cook, to find a photograph that is a sole evidence that he is also an heir to the palace, so that he can claim his share of the money.
They stay at the Aranmanai but strange incidents happen. Madhavi sees a servant's daughter talking to an mysterious girl called Selvi . The mother of the girl explains that she's autistic. Mishaps continue to happen and they are unable to sell the palace, so they extend their stay. Meanwhile, 2 other servants have also gone missing. Now Ravi (Sundar.C), the older brother of Madhavi, comes to the palace to meet his sister. Hilarious incidents happen as Paalsamy tries to woo Maya and he has Ravi and Muliankannan competing with him. Madhavi and Maya tell Ravi that there are weird things happening in the house. So he sets cameras up around the house with Maya's help.
Ravi sees that a worker is backing away from something, but the camera starts to fizz and goes out. At the same time, a fortune teller (Yogi Babu) in front of the house runs away in terror, seeing something. The next day in the village pond, there are three bodies of the murdered servants found by the cops. Ravi is shocked and visits the fortune teller who ran away from his house that night. The man reveals that he witness a worker being killed by a woman possessed as a vengeful spirit and he gives him an egg, and tells that when the possessed person is within the egg's radius, it will start spinning. The police officers interrogate all the members of the house about the murders with Ravi seated opposite them and the egg placed in front of him. Finally when the egg spins, he looks up to see none other than his sister Madhavi sitting for interrogation. He follows her and sees Madhavi don a big round of vermilion on her forehead but her reflection shows Selvi (Hansika Motwani). Relating the little girl's talks and the name Selvi, Ravi sets out to investigate.
Villagers say that Selvi was the girl who stole the Temple deity's jewels and ran off from the village. He comes across Selvi's friend Ramya, who says that Selvi was a good person and not a thief. She says that back then, Murali was not yet married and when he came to the village he fell in love with Selvi. Selvi also liked him but she is a girl who is often possessed by the goddess and predicts future. So she held herself back to maintain her holiness. On the day Murali was leaving the village, he expected her reply and asked her to meet him at his house. Ramya encouraged Selvi to go and confess her love to Murali. Selvi left the house on that note but she has been missing till now.
Per Ravi's plan, when Ramya comes to meet the possessed Madhavi as selvi, she recognizes Ramya and tells her all that happened after she left the house that day. It seems that Ayyanar and his friends (the workers) replaced the temple jewelry with fake ones and Selvi found it out using her premonition and confronted them. So they brutally killed her and buried her inside the palace when she came to meet Murali. She also says that she wants to be with Murali always. As today is an auspicious day, if she gets intimate with Murali, no one can ever drive her out of Madhavi's body. If they cannot get close today, she will kill Murali, so that they will be together in death.
After hearing the story Ravi hears this and tries to stop selvi but in vain. He meets a priest (Kota Srinivasa Rao) who says that there is only two ways to stop Selvi's mayhem. One is by using a strong emotion to bring Madhavi to her senses while she is possessed. It is a tough job and the other option is to bring Murali to the river junction where the ritual of the Eclipse takes place and goddess deities will be immersed in the river, generating a powerful energy which will help in separating Selvi's soul from Madhavi. Ravi instructs the members of the house to somehow disturb them and cause confusion to buy time. Selvi meanwhile, sends Murali into a trance and leaves the house to kill the remaining person - Ayyanar. She finds him and finally kills him.
When she is gone, the priest and Ravi are back in the house trying to bring Murali out of his trance but Selvi is back and does not let Murali go, and threatens to injure Madhavi's body. The priest traps her in a circle of fire and helps Murali leave the house with Ravi. But she escapes and follows them and their car overturns and falls into the river. Selvi tries to drown Murali but Ravi stops her and tells Madhavi is pregnant and brings her to her senses but only briefly. At the same time, near the shore of the river, the goddess deity is immersed in the ritual and the power comes through the water to Selvi and she is released from Madhavi's body as the sun comes up.
Selvi can no longer possess Madhavi so she sadly disappears and the couple reunites. Ravi also unites with Maya in the end. And when they all pose for a photograph in front of the Palace, a zoomed in shot shows a ghostly figure moving near a window in the palace, implying Selvi has returned to the palace again.