Adhipathi

Yogendra / Yogi (Mohan Babu) is the son of Panduranga Rao, (Vijay Kumar) High Court judge, who got the first rank in Civil services examinations. Dunnapothula Janardhan Rao, a politician (Narra Venkateswara Rao) falsely implicates Yogi in a murder case, to take revenge on Justice Panduranga Rao who had earlier given jail sentence to him in a corruption case. Justice Panduranga Rao gives the judgment for son by jailing Yogi for six years. After six years Dunnapothula Janardhan Rao dies on the same day when Yogi is released from jail. Dunnapothula Dharma Rao (Mukesh Rushi), son of Dunnapothula Janardhan Rao visits the shores of Godavari River to leave the ashes, Yogi foils the rites by resisting then he challenges Yogi that he is going to mix the ashes of his father in the Godavari before Yogi mixes the ashes of his father one day who is still alive. Meanwhile, Yogi falls in love with a beautiful girl Anuradha, (Preeti Jhangiani), the strong-willed and independent-minded daughter of Kasi Visweswara Rao (Raghunath Reddy) henchmen to Dharma Rao.
Suddenly, there is an appearance of a girl Thulasi (Seema), who claims to be the daughter of Justice Panduranga Rao. But he flatly refuses the claim and banishes her. Forced by circumstances and at the instigation and help of Dharma Rao, she reluctantly comes out open with the parentage claim. Yogi, at first, thrashes the protesters. But upon knowing the truth from Gnaneswara Rao (Kota Srinivasa Rao) his uncle, he accepts the task of her protection in the capacity as an elder brother. Yogi decides to marry Thulasi to his good friend (Brahmaji) and he also confronts his father and prods him to accept the mistake and acknowledge the parentage of Thulasi. Panduranga Rao ultimately regrets and secretly goes on to confess to his daughter. The very next morning when Yogi returns to home, Thulasi is found dead. Panduranga Rao is accused of murdering her, but the whole act was planned by Dharma Rao, who after killing Thulasi, forces Satya Murthy (Suthi Velu) Panduranga Rao's longtime servant to testify against Panduranga Rao in the court. In court, Jagan (Nagarjuna Akkineni), a close friend of Yogi and a famous leading criminal lawyer, appears as defense council by canceling his marriage with his girlfriend (Soundarya) for friendship and wins the case to lay bare the murder plot and hidden intentions of baddies.
Finally, Panduranga Rao is judged innocent of the crime by the court. After that, Yogi returns to his father who now shows remorse for all his actions including not believing in the innocence of his son and dies at his feet. At Panduranga Rao’s funeral, Dharma Rao arrives to poke fun at Yogi and he also tries to carry out the postponed last rituals of his own father. Yogi interrupts the ritual and avenges for the death of his sister and father with the help of Jagan.