Thirupaachi

Sivagiri (Vijay) is a bladesmith in a remote village near Thirupaachi. He has a lovable sister named Karpagam (Mallika). He runs into some hilarious incidents while searching locally for a groom for his sister. Sivagiri confides to his friend Kannapan that he wants his sister to be in a good city after her marriage. Sivagiri also nods his acceptance, when a city guy proposes to Karpagam. He accompanies the newly weds to Chennai. He finds a girl named Shuba (Trisha) welcoming them, and they both fall in love after initial mishaps.
On a trip to Chennai, Sivagiri rescues a court witness from Pattasu Balu (Pasupathy), a don dominating central Chennai. He also learns of a local don Pan Parag Ravi (Aryan), who controls North Chennai, and who is troubling Karpagam's husband's canteen business. In an altercation in a cinema theater, Kannappan gets murdered by a thug named Saniyan Sagada (Kota Srinivasa Rao), who dominates South Chennai. Karpagam's husband told Sivagiri to leave Chennai if he wants his sister to be happy. Then, after the funeral of Kannapan,he leaves his home town stating that he got a job in a cloth manufacturing company. But in reality he comes with a mission in Chennai.
Then, he warns Saniyan Sagadai stating that the latter too will be killed by him. He also calls the assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Raj Guru and warns him that he will kill all the dons of Chennai as the police department fails in their duty. Later on, Sivagiri's friend Veluchamy (Yugendran) who is a police inspector, comes to know about this. Sivagiri challenges Veluchamy that he will give up his mission if the latter keeps any one thug of Chennai in jail at least for a single day. Veluchamy not only fails in his mission but also loses his son as he was killed by Pattasu Balu, the head of the thug who got arrested.
This harsh lesson makes Veluchamy to help Sivagiri. Thus, Veluchamy lists Sivagiri the entire mafia network of Chennai by providing the specification of who leads the various areas. Sivagiri write their names in papers and randomly chooses Pattasu Balu. He goes and kills Pattasu Balu, stating that he is not killing instead 'clearing'. Then, one day, Shuba meets Sivagiri in a temple and finds that he is not working in any cloth manufacturing company. But still, Sivagiri manages to make Shuba believe that he is working in a travels company. Thus, Shuba gets a promise from Sivagiri that he should meet her and spend time with her quite frequently.
Later on, Sivagiri provokes Ravi to kill his own brother by sticking the funeral posters of Ravi and making him think that his brother is the person who is killing people all over Chennai. After the death of Ravi's brother, when a lemon fells on his head, Ravi realizes his brother is not the one who stick funeral poster, so he hides himself in a politician's house to be away and safe from the hands of Sivagiri. That politician damages his own car and house and makes the police to believe that someone has attacked his house. Thus, the police decide to provide security for the politician. This makes Ravi feel happy, considering that Sivagiri can't come to his place by fooling all these inspectors and kill him. Then, Sivagiri's friend inspector Veluchamy found out that Ravi is hiding in the politician's place. (He found out from the politician's servant that walks in but brings tobacco).
Sivagiri wants Veluchamy to help by disband the police protection but Veluchamy refused because that is police responsibilities to protect. He can only informs Sivagiri and Sivagiri have to kill Ravi. Later on, Sivagiri brings a group of people, who rallies due losing their money to a financier, that the fraud financier is hiding in the politician's place. With the rally, Sivagiri enters Ravi's fort and succeeds in killing Ravi by using mosquito pesticide into his mouth. Raj inquires the people that involve in rally regarding identity of Sivagiri. However nobody want to tell anything because they think Sivagiri is doing the police's job while the police do nothing and only waits for their salary. Even Raj's daughter is willing to die than reveal Sivagiri's identity because she was rescued by Sivagiri from Pattasu Balu.
Later on, Sivagiri decides to kill Saniyan Sagadai and as usual warns Sagadai. This makes Sagadai to seek the protection of a mass group of thugs from Chennai. Sivagiri uses this as a chance to destroy the entire mafia gang of Chennai. Thus, Sivagiri ignites a war between the police group and mafia gang in a very diplomatic manner. Sivagiri disguises himself as a police inspector and enters the fort of Sagadai. Veluchamy too helps Sivagiri in his mission by hurting himself. Raj angrily orders his squad to hit the thugs.
Sivagiri enter the house in a police and confronts a thug and force the thug to wear a police uniform. After that, Sivagiri shoot and kills the thug and throw him out of the window, Thinking that one of his fellow officers is dead, Raj orders for open fire. All the thugs were killed. But when they checked the dead 'police officer', they realizes Sivagiri's trick and immediately run to upstairs to find him. However Sivagiri already stabs Sagadai and throws him to the ground right before the birth of a new year. Finally, Sivagiri surrenders to the police, but he releases after six months. Shuba welcomes Sivagiri, Karpagam and her husband once again after returning home. Sivagiri gives Shuba necklace that he is wearing and they unite at the end.