Venky

Venkateswarlu (Ravi Teja) is a wayward youth in Vizag who roams around with his friends Suribabu (Srinivasa Reddy), Ramana (Chitram Seenu) and Bujji (Ramachandra) all the time. One day he - along with his three buddies - accidentally gets selected in police selections. Venky and his friends embark on a journey from Vizag to Hyderabad to join police academy for the training. They however manage to board in sleeper class of Godavari Express without reservation. He falls in love with a co-passenger Sravani (Sneha) aboard the train. Sravani refuses the instant proposal of Venky. He also picks up a row in a state of inebriation with Sravani's father and another girl and threatens them that he would kill them. Next morning, surprisingly Sravani’s father and a co-passenger are found murdered, but Venky and his friends are not responsible for it. Feared of being blamed, Venky and his friends run away to the Hyderabad Police Academy, which is run by Yogendra Sharma (Ashutosh Rana).
There, in a TV Channel, it is reported that four guys killed two passengers in the Godavari Express. To avoid suspicion, they go to Yogendra Sharma’s room and change their date of entry. But they hide under a table only to know that the murders were done by a hired killer by Yogendra Sharma, but their main objective was to kill Sravani. They overhear Yogendra Sharma instructing the killer to kill Shravani that night. During the supposed night, Venky escapes from the Field Craft training and goes to rescue Sravani. He, after rescuing Sravani, shifts her to an old bungalow near the Police Academy and asks her to save herself, though not relying on him. Sravani believes Venky’s words and a small feeling of love buds in her, which she confesses to Venky on her birthday.
Later, on the directions of Venky, Sravani makes a call to Yogendra Sharma which leads to the discussion of a video cassette. Venky hurts the phone thus ending the call while the murderer fails to kill Sravani. Meanwhile D.C.P. Bharath (Bharath), who is a friend of Yogendra Sharma and the Police Officer dealing the Murder Mystery, tells to Yogendra that a Camera was found in that Compartment in which some photos of the suspects were taken. Venky hears this and steals those photographs and replaces them with some other photos as the originals contain Sravani and Venky’s Gang. In those photos, he observes that G.K. Gajala (Brahmanandam) is a thief who might have robbed the camera that contains the video footage. He goes to get the camera on a holiday but is cheated by Gajala.
Meanwhile Yogendra Sharma Inspects the Rooms of the Cadets and finds the original photos in Venky’s Room and releases a press note that the four (Venky and his friends) are the murderers. Yogendra Sharma is then called by Gajala to receive the camera in return for an amount of R500,000, but Venky takes the camera by force and he goes to Sravani’s friend’s house along with Sravani and his friends. There they find out that Sarat Kumar I.P.S. (Ahuti Prasad) was murdered by Yogendra Sharma in order to save himself from a fake naxallite encounter after seeing the cassette. Later Sravani recalls that her father made a call to Yogendra Sharma, telling that he was the witness of the murder of Sarat. But after knowing that he talked to the murderer himself, he escaped along with Sravani and boarded a train. Due to change in seats, Sravani didn’t die but the co-passenger was killed. Though having concrete evidence, he can’t give it to D.C.P. Bharath as he is a friend of Yogendra Sharma. Thus they seek the Governor’s Appointment.
Meanwhile Yogendra Sharma knows about this and tries to prevent them reaching Raj Bhavan but they escape anyway as the day the appointment was Holi (Festival of Colours). At the gate of Raj Bhavan, Yogendra Sharma blocks the five with his henchmen. Sravani finally runs taking the cassette and Yogendra Sharma runs behind her with a gun to stop her. He opens fire on Sravani but the bullet hurts a visitor of the Governor and Yogendra Sharma is arrested. Later the proofs are secured and the Four Friends are exonerated. Later these four are honored by Gold Medals by Chandrasekhar Rao (Suman), The DGP of Andhra Pradesh at a ceremony held by Police Academy..