Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk

Billy Lynn, a 19-year old US Army Specialist from Texas, is caught on camera dragging wounded sergeant Virgil "Shroom" Breem to safety during an intense firefight in Iraq on October 23, 2004. This act of courage earns Lynn the Silver Star and quickly ascends him and his unit, erroneously designated "Bravo Squad" by the media, to celebrity status. They return to the U.S. for Shroom's funeral, then are sent on a publicity tour culminating at the halftime show of the November 25 Dallas Cowboys Thanksgiving home game.
Now led by Sgt. David Dime, the members of Bravo Squad are driven in a limousine to the stadium with the Cowboys' PR representative Josh and film producer Albert Brown, who is in the process of securing a film deal for the squad. A flashback reveals that Billy joined the army after destroying the car of his older sister Kathryn's boyfriend, who left her after she was in a car accident that required multiple facial reconstruction procedures. At the stadium, the group is greeted by anxious fans who express gratitude for their actions and blindly support the Iraq War. During a press conference, Billy spots a Cowboys Cheerleader, Faison, smiling at him. They strike up up a conversation and begin a flirtation. Billy tells her how it feels weird to be honored for the worst day of his life.
As the game starts, Billy recalls his time in Iraq, where Shroom offered him philosophical insight and advice during their downtime. It is revealed that once the game ends, Bravo Squad will have to return to duty. Billy receives a phone call from a doctor that Kathryn spoke to in regards to trying to have him honorably discharged so that he does not have to go back to Iraq, to spare him further suffering.
During the halftime show, featuring Destiny's Child, the loud music and pyrotechnics traumatize an already unstable squad member, Crack, and he reacts violently against a security guard. Billy experiences a flashback to the battle that made them famous. The squad was called in to rescue soldiers pinned down by insurgents at a school. Shroom is shot while advancing from cover, and Billy rushes to save him, firing on the nearby insurgents with his sidearm. Billy drags Shroom into a trench, but further violence occurs at close quarters. Billy is traumatized in the aftermath, and Shroom bleeds to death.
Billy and Dime meet with the owner of the Cowboys, Norm Oglesby, who is considering investing in Albert's movie about the incident in Iraq. However, instead of the offer of $100,000 to each member of the squad that Albert was aiming for, Oglesby has reduced it to $5,500 apiece. Dime angrily rebuffs his offer. In private, Oglesby tells Billy that this story is no longer his, but instead belongs to the U.S. people. Billy tells off Oglesby, joining Dime. Albert promises Billy that he will find investors one way or another, and that their story deserves to be told "the right way."
As the squad leaves, they are attacked by the security guards from earlier, briefly triggering Billy's PTSD, which fills his mind with surreal imagery of war and death. The altercation is halted, and Billy meets up with Faison briefly before leaving. He says he wishes he could run away with her even though he has to go back. They share a kiss before parting ways. Kathryn arrives to retrieve Billy, but his expression makes it clear he is returning to duty. She is upset, but after Billy explains his decision, the siblings share a tearful hug.
Billy gets into the limousine, which he hallucinates is a Humvee, where he has a philosophical conversation with (a visible) Shroom. Billy tells Shroom "I love you", breaking back to the reality of the limo and Bravo Squad, who each respond with "I love you".