Vettah

Two members of the Indian Police Service (IPS), Commissioner Sreebala and Assistant Commissioner Xylex Abraham, investigate the disappearance of the actress Uma Sathyamoorthi. Sreebala and Xylex arrest Melvin, who is revealed to be a classmate of Uma's. During the interrogation, Melvin reveals that he had murdered his wife Sherin and covered it up as a drug-induced suicide in order to take revenge on her for her infidelity. They find that Uma was kidnapped because the guy she was with was the one who had been having an affair with Sherin. Melvin refuses to point out where he dumped their bodies.
Sreebala and Xylex are pulled off the case, though not before seeds of doubt are planted by Melvin. Sreebala begins to uncover clues about her father's accident, which had rendered him mentally challenged. Doubting that Xylex may have played some part in the scheme,Sreebala loses her trust in him. Xylex begins doubting his wife and soon takes it upon himself to murder the guy she hangs out with, echoing Melvin's own crime.
Soon, Melvin agrees to give up the bodies, provided Sreebala and Xylex take him there. They discover that Melvin hadn't actually killed them, and they were just being held hostage. Melvin is sentenced to the asylum, and the case is apparently closed. Xylex finds out that the guy who he had killed, Ronnie, was facilitating the adoption arrangements with Xylex's wife, and they'd been keeping it a surprise for him. His involvement in the murder is only known to Sreebala, who receives a video of the murder.
In a twist, Melvin's wife is found to be innocent of having an affair. It is revealed she was actually murdered, but not how Melvin described. Sreebala and Xylex approach Melvin, who reveals the whole story behind his actions. Because of low marks in exams, his daughter had been locked in a kennel by her headmistress.The girl died inside the kennel due to breathing problems and fear when the headmistress forgot to release her after the school time. The school owner, who is revealed to be Ronnie, had used his influence to silence the case and murdered Sherin in the process. The police officer in charge of the investigation was Sreebala's dad, and he was attacked because he had been close to finding out the truth. In pursuit of justice for his family, Melvin had set up the whole kidnapping drama to bring Xylex to investigate the case. Xylex was targeted because of his wife's friendship with Ronnie, and Sreebala through her dad. It is revealed that Melvin planted doubts in Xylex so he would murder Ronnie and made Sreebala accidentally kill the headmistress as they were driving through the forest, making him innocent of any murders.