Hello Brother

Misro (Charan Raj) is a dacoit. SP Chakravarthy (Sarath Babu) arrests him. Misro wounds himself and is taken to hospital for the cure, where Chakravarthy is waiting for his wife Geeta (Sangeetha) who is on labor and she gives birth to twins and the doctor says that both children have reflection mentality, that means "if it pains to one other also hurts" depending on distance. Misro escapes and takes one of the twins with him, hurting Geeta. Chakravarthy goes behind him, but he could not find the child but shoots Misro. The child was taken by a lady who works as a daily labourer with her husband and they adopted him. They have a daughter and one day in an accident at construction place both were killed. The two children become orphans and they grew up, but the brother Deva (Nagarjuna) with his friend Kasi (Brahmanandam), another orphan become thieves for earning. On the other hand, Geetha goes into coma and Chakravarthy takes her to America for the cure, here another twin Ravi Varma (also Nagarjuna) is brought up. He returns India as a rock star to give performances here. He is received by Giribabu (Chakravarthy's friend) who wishes to marry his daughter Manga (Ramya Krishna) to him. But Ramya is in love with Deva. In the airport, Ravi Varma sees Ooha (Soundarya) daughter of Akkamamba (Annapoorna) who is organizing his public performances and falls in love with her. Simhachalam Srihari who is Akkamamba's brother also wishes to marry Ooha. Meanwhile, at home Manga advances with him thinking he is Deva only. One day in a restaurant they see each other and find that they are identical which leads to hilarious misunderstandings.
Meanwhile, Deva's sister Kasthuri (Aruna Sri) sees local goon Mitra (Napoleon) son of Misro killing an Inspector on the road and provides evidence in the court. Enraged Mitra teases her and Deva fights with him. So Mitra wants to take revenge against Deva, he sends his henchmen (Sivaji Raja) as the bride to Kasthuri, but Deva breaks up the plan and makes his sister marriage with another guy. The court decides death sentence to Mitra. Days pass Kasthuri becomes pregnant and she is admitted into the hospital for delivery. Deva asks Ravi to stay at the hospital as he is going in search of money, Ravi visits his father Chakravarthy. At the same time, Mitra escapes from jail come to the hospital to kidnap Kasthuri and recognizes Chakravarthy that he who killed is father Misro and also knows that Deva is his son. He blackmails Deva to get Chakravarthy to release Kasthuri. Deva who doesn't know that Chakravarthy is his father goes to his house where Geetha also comes out from the coma by Deva's touch and he comes to know the truth that they are his parents. Finally, Deva & Ravi join together, protect their father and sister from Mitra and the story ends with the duo marrying their respective ladies.