Logesh Kanagaraj

The names of the lead characters are not revealed in the film. Sri comes to Chennai to attend an interview for a job in a BPO. Regina is the Human Resources officer there. Sundeep is in love with Regina since college, but she does not reciprocate his feelings as he is jobless and very irresponsible. On the day of the interview, Sundeep comes to Regina's office and he is threatened by a few men, that one of them loves Regina and if she doesn't agree, he will attack her with acid. Sundeep punches that man and they flee the place. Sri passes the interview and goes to a bar with his friend. Sundeep is also in the same bar with his friends. The man who was punched by Sundeep is also there in the bar to get his revenge. He hires a group of rowdies who wait outside the bar and are ready to attack Sundeep when he gets out. But, they mistake Sri for the target and beat him hard, while leaving him unconscious on the road. They also take away his certificates and his mobile cell phone. Later, one of the rowdies throws his certificate files into a taxi cab car and kept the phone. The taxi cab car is a rental car owned by P.K. Pandian otherwise known as PKP, the city's most powerful don. Charle is the taxi cab driver who leases the car from PKP and he comes to know that if any problem happens with the car, it will be dealt severely by PKP's henchmen. Charle finds the certificates and give it to the local police station.
Sri wakes up the next morning from the roadside and is shocked about the happenings in the city, while getting a bad impression about it. He calls his friend and he comes, takes him to his home where he freshens up, and leaves to report to job. Meanwhile, Sundeep tells his parents that he is going for an interview and boards into a particular bus in which the man, who he punched earlier travels. His aim is to attack that guy with acid. Unknowingly, Sri passes the bottle of acid in the bus to him and Sundeep carries out the attack and escapes. The police take Sri into custody, as he passed the bottle. The police inspector is angry with Sri for his straightforward talk and slaps him. Sri's certificates are also in the same police station with the police constable. The constable takes out Sri for a tea break , where Sri identifies one of Sundeep's friends, who was involved in the attack. Sri nabs him and hands him over to the police. He then reports to Regina and tells her that he doesn't want this job as he doesn't like the city. He also tells her that he lost his certificates and will get eventually fired if he doesn't produce them. Regina gives him a one day time to find the certificates and return to his job. Sundeep is also in the office at that time and he intervenes Regina and Sri, while shouting at Sri. Regina asks him to keep quiet, which becomes a quarrel. The police come to the office and arrest Sundeep for the acid attack case. The Inspector is revealed to be Sundeep's uncle and he warns them off by leaving them with a condition that none of them should enter Chennai for a month. Sundeep decides to take revenge on Sri by stealing his certificates from the station, but doesn't do so. He still is angry with him and prepares to leave the city.
The rowdies who attacked Sri first, are planning to kidnap a school kid and demand a ransom from his father. They hire Winnings, one of the rowdies' friend from Pondicherry, who claims himself to be an expert kidnapper. But, he is a fool and is a coward. He mistakenly kidnaps the son of PKP. PKP's men start the search and kill everyone, whom they have doubts on. Winnings calls PKP and demands one crore. PKP sets out with the cash to save his son. The kidnappers know that PKP will definitely find them and they cannot escape PKP's wrath. So they decide to kill PKP's son anyway. But, PKP's son escapes. One of the rowdies begin searching and the remaining two decide to lure PKP into a trap and somehow get the money.
Sundeep is ready to leave the city, but wants to meet Regina and apologize to her. He comes outside her home and she finally agrees to meet him. She reciprocates his feelings and suddenly, she sees PKP's son jumping down from a small truck in which he was hiding. Since he was sedated, he seems drowsy. So, Regina asks Sundeep to drop PKP's son to safety. At that time, one of the rowdies, who is searching for PKP's son, finds them and he tries to take him forcefully. Sundeep attacks him and saves PKP's son. He tells Regina to go home and he sets out with PKP's son to return him to PKP. Meantime, PKP is infuriated, due to repeated calls from the kidnappers and they make him wander from one place to another, without any result. Sundeep calls PKP to tell him that he has his son. But, PKP believes him to be one of the kidnappers playing his games. So, he warns him and hangs up the phone. Sundeep decides to drop PKP's son at his home.
Sri leaves his office and gets ready to go home. He is driven home by Charle. As he is new to the city, he doesn't know the route to Sri's place and neither does Sri. Since it is a night shift, they find it difficult to find the correct route. Sundeep's uncle gets news about the kidnapping of PKP's son, sets up barricade near PKP's home and he sees Sundeep coming with PKP' son. Sundeep hands over PKP's son to his uncle and the constable, while leaving the scene, as his uncle scold him for not leaving the city yet. The police also have Winnings in custody in the jeep, who is apprehended for causing nuisance. Winnings identifies the boy and reveals everything to Sundeep's uncle. Sundeep's uncle decides to play his own game. So, he sends the writer away to buy some things for him, sets up Winnings as the kidnapper, tells him to call PKP, and make him come to the location. So, that he can kill everyone and take the money all by himself.
Sri and Charle roam around the city unable to find the route, while Sri tells him that he doesn't like the city saying that people here are too mean and never help anyone. Charle tells him that one should start helping others first, before expecting help from them. They run into the two rowides who wait for PKP, but are suddenly attacked by them, after they see PKP's sticker on the car and ended up thinking that they have come to spy on them. Sri then identifies one of the rowdies to be his attacker, who attacked him outside the bar first and Sri fights him back. He gains control and gets back his phone. Meanwhile PKP's men trace Sri, as his phone was also used by the rowdies to make the call to PKP. Sri then saves Charle, who is injured by the rowdies and asks for help from the on-goers, but no one stops to help.
PKP arrive at the place, where Winnings told him to come and sees Winnings pointing a gun at his son's head. Sundeep's uncle hides in a building and instructs Winnings on how to get the money. Suddenly, Sundeep comes back to the place and witnessing the entire scene in which a chaos occurs. During the tussle with the gun, Sundeep's uncle and Winnings shoots PKP and his son throws PKP's gun towards Sundeep, who shoots his uncle on one of his legs to save both PKP and his son. The constable now returns and lets Sundeep escape the scene, while informing the police that someone had shot Sundeep's uncle. Sundeep, the injured PKP, his son, and Winnings flee the scene. PKP decides to give the one crore to Winnings, who eventually drove PKP and his son to safety at a hospital. Bu, Winnings refuses to take the money and walks away. Sundeep decides to stay in the city and tells to himself that if criminals like his uncle can stay in the city, then why not him?
He then passes by Sri, who is demanding for a lift to save Charle. Seeing Sundeep, he stops asking, knowing that Sundeep won't help him, due to their earlier encounters. But, Sundeep gives them a lift and takes them to a hospital, saving Charle's life. Sundeep and Sri wait outside the hospital and begin to talk by asking their names. When suddenly, a few men appear and plan to attack Sundeep. They were the friends of the man on whom Sundeep attacked with acid. They come to get their revenge on Sundeep. Sri sees this and remembers what Charle told him about helping others. The film ends with Sundeep getting ready to attack and Sri joining him, symbolizing that they have overcome their differences and begin to help each other during tough times, even if they don't know each other's names, just like how the rest of the people in the city live by helping strangers.