Parthen Rasithen

Shankar (Prashanth) is a graduate of BSC nautical science, waiting for a job in the shipping industry. He is a tenant in the house of Bhanu (Simran), who is his good friend and confidante. They spend almost all their time together and she seeks him out as a refuge from her step brother Panneer (Raghuvaran), whom she dislikes but is forced to live together with. One day while dropping Bhanu at a bus stop, Shankar falls in love with Sarika (Laila) who he saw at a bus. Soon he told Bhanu about Sarika and Bhanu ask him to hide in the bus tomorrow in order to know whether Sarika is interested with him or not. As per plan both took the bus as Shankar hides from the sight of Sarika, Sarika searches for him in disappointment at the bus stop that he was at yesterday. This led Bhanu and Shankar to confirm Sarika's love towards him. Meanwhile, Shankar's highly rude and verbally abusive father, Chidhambaram (Vinu Chakravarthy) lands in Chennai for his wife's (Jyothi) heart operation and tells Shankar that his marriage is being arranged, while the same situation happen in Sarika's house. Both Shankar and Sarika have no idea that they are the two people about to get married. Since they both didn't realize this, and as expected, both avoid the meeting. As Sarika fails to return to home, Chidhambaram got irritated as Sarika is late to home and create ruckus, this led to a huge fight between him and Sarika's father and the marriage gets canceled.
Meanwhile, Panneer misunderstood the conversation between Bhanu and Shankar, assumes that they are in love. He reveals this to Shankar's parents and ask their approval for the marriage. In order to pacify his ailing mother until her operation and Bhanu's persuasion, Shankar says that he will marry Bhanu. Further misunderstandings occurs between Shankar and Sarika when Panneer caught them together and he exposes Shankar's wedding arrangement with Bhanu to Sarika. Sarika was devastated and refuse to meet Shankar again. In order to solve the problem, Shankar ask Bhanu to tell the truth to Panneer. In the turn of events, Bhanu refused to tell the truth and it is learned that Bhanu also loves Shankar for 4 years and she used the wedding arrangement as a tool to get Shankar. She explains that she has been in love with him for a long time but she sacrificed her love after she realized that Sarika is in love with Shankar. However after few confusions in their love story including failed arrange marriage between him and Sarika and the misunderstanding caused by Panneer who thinks Bhanu and Shanker is in love has prompted Bhanu to use the situation in her favor. Shankar tried to console Bhanu and he explains that he has no such feeling towards her, however the adamant Bhanu blackmails Shankar that she will make him to love her. In order to fulfill her ambition she begins to plot a villainous act. She uses Panneer Meanwhile Sarika learn about Bhanu from Vellaisamy (Dhamu) and realize Shankar is innocent while reconcile with him. One day while Sarika was walking down the street wearing a blue saree presented by Shankar gets her saree snatched by Doss (Lawrence Raghavendra) in bike. Bhanu who witness this event, brings Sarika to her home to get her new clothes. However to the horror of Sarika, Bhanu revealed her identity and admits that she asked Doss to snatch her saree while blackmailing her to leave the city and Shankar, as this will give Bhanu some ample time in order to make Shankar fall in love with her. Sarika who was devastated and embarrassed with this incident, tries to commit suicide by consuming poison. Meanwhile, Panneer who eavesdropped the conversation realizes his mistake and scolds Bhanu. After that, Bhanu who is in final year of MBBS returns to her university where the doctors all over the city was on strike. Sarika was brought to the hospital, because of the doctors' strike she could not get any treatment. Bhanu who happens to be there was forced by her friends to help save Sarika. Shankar get to know about Sarika's condition, in furiousness he went in search for Doss and is being followed by rowdies who was sent by Panneer Selvam earlier.
When Bhanu finally sees the girl that needs treatment, then only she realizes it is none other than Sarika herself. Shankar arrives at the hospital after taking down the rowdies where Doss reveal the truth that Bhanu asked him to snatch Sarika's sari. Shankar is worried that Bhanu won't save Sarika's live and he made her promise that if she save her, he will marry Bhanu. The operation was successfully and Shankar fulfill his promise to Bhanu. As they walk out of the room, Bhanu told Shankar that he always understood everything late and her love for him is gone after she have seen Sarika's sacrifice for love (as Sarika almost died for her love). She apologize to Shankar for her drastic behavior, he forgives her and get unite with Sarika who just got conscious while Bhanu was seen crying over the shoulders of Panneer.