Munthirivallikal Thalirkkumbol

Ulahannan "Unnachan", a middle-aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat, is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma. She feels the same and no longer shares his bed. Ulahannan's routine includes dozing on the bus ride to his office, where there are only loafers sitting around. He often encounters Lillykutty who flirts with him. Every night at home he sits on the terrace drinking alcohol with his neighbours—Venukuttan, Jacobettan, Monai, and Benny.
At the insistence of an old friend, Ulahannan attends his college alumni reunion, where he meets his ex-lover Indulekha. They recall their past college life when Ulahannan was a firebrand activist. Indulekha, finds it hard to recognize the old Ulahannan, and learns of his humdrum life and his unhappiness. Before he leaves, Indulekha advises him to reinvigorate himself. He decides to redeem his life with love, and seeks the help of Venukuttan, a philanderer, who deceives his wife into thinking he is a loving husband. Venukuttan promises to introduce him to some of his girlfriends and teach him some of his tricks.
In meantime, he meets Julie, a seductive NRI girl at his office, and begins a relationship with her by messaging and calling every day. Venukuttan is envious as he finds Julie more attractive than any of his paramours. When her husband Augustine shows up, Ulahannan becomes nervous over his tryst with Julie. He learns that Julie is a flirt herself, and he is only one of the men she is contacting.
The next night, while drinking alcohol, Venukuttan teases Ulahannan that his relationship with Julie is in vain. Provoked, Ulahannan challenges him to call one of his girlfriends and gave the phone to him when she answers. After hesitating, Venukuttan makes the call. Ulahannan speaks in a romantic voice, and the woman asks if it is Ulahannan calling. Shocked, he realizes it is Annyamma on the line. He is furious and starts shouting at Venukuttan. A man with an attractive voice named Jacobettan comes on the line. He is watching a video of a recorded song, and Annyamma is singing in her kitchen. Jacobettan tells him that Annyamma is helping the kids with the songs for the annual gathering program of the colony members. Ulahannan is surprised as he has forgotten that Annyamma can sing. This reminds him of the young Annyamma.
The next morning, a disguised Jacobetten secretly goes to church to make an offering to God he promised when he was in trouble over Julie. After the prayer, Ulahannan smells his favourite woman's perfume. He cannot see her face as she is hooded with her sari. He tells Jacobettan how attractive she is and asks if he can see her. While walking away, someone calls her, she turns and Ulahannan can see the woman is Annyamma. He realizes he has a beautiful wife and that he has not bothered about her for a long time.
Late one day, Annyamma finds a gift in Jini's wardrobe. She tells Ulahannan about the gift and about recent changes in Jini's behaviour. He says that asking for more information about the gift will affect Jini's studies. Ulahannan and Annyamma ask Jini's school friend and learn Jini is close to a man who was introduced to her by mutual friends. Ulahannan and Annyamma's fear over him grows daily. One day Ulahannan waits in front of Jini's school and sees her going to a hotel on her bicycle. Disguised, he sits in the hotel and hears his daughter break up with her boyfriend saying that now is the time to study, and she will have enough time for love after marriage. Ulahannan hugs his daughter and says that he is not worried about her behavior. Jini says that her boyfriend does not know how to love like her father. That night Ulahannan tells Annyamma about the incident and promises to take the family to a vineyard to see the grapevines sprout. The film ends with Annyamma taking responsibility for their daughter's mistake, realising that children should grow up seeing their parents love and affection.