Andala Rakshasi

In 1991, Gautham (Rahul Ravindran) a rich guy sees Mithuna (Lavanya Tripathi) for the first time and falls in love with her. However she meets with an accident and is on her death bed. Gautham arranges for all surgeries and she recovers but after she gains consciousness, Mithuna asks about Surya (Naveen Chandra). Apparently, both are in love with each other but Mithuna is told Surya is dead. Meanwhile, Gautham expresses his feelings and he manages to take her to Ooty. He does everything to show his love to Mithuna who is unable to forget Surya. The two often fight and argue and one fine day Mithuna goes missing. Gautham thinks that Mithuna has left the house and gone to commit suicide. He slaps her and but he realizes that she has accepted his love and decides to marry him. As he goes to Hyderabad to make the arrangements for the wedding, he suddenly sees a painting of Mithuna on the road. A beggar tells him that a mad man named Surya has drawn it and Gautham is shocked upon hearing this. The beggar tells him that Surya stays near a factory and to his shock, he finds glass bottles of different colors arranged to represent Mithuna's face. Surya is revealed to be alive and has become disarrayed thinking that Mithuna is dead.
In a flashback 3 months ago,when the gautham had seen mithuna in the park the same old day surya had seen her in a RTC bus while chaseing by goons. He falls in love with her at first sight. Then he follows her and woos her during this time but Mithuna always pushes him away, saying that she will never like him and that either she or he will die if she one day actually ends up liking him. The months pass by and Surya continues to woo Mithuna but one day he stops seeing her altogether. Mithuna for some unknown reason suddenly feels for Surya and yearns to see him. She ends up visiting his house and finds out that he is an artist and she reciprocates Surya's feelings for her. The two celebrate and near a highway Muthina asks him if he will ever leave her and he says no. Soon after, Mithuna meets with a car accident and her parents are unable to bear the cost of the treatment.
Gautham's father arrives and proposes his son's marriage with Mithuna. Mithuna's father requests Surya to leave her. Surya who is heart broken roams aimlessly on the roads of Anantagiri. After learning the truth, Gautham tells Mithuna that Surya is alive. She gets emotional but refuses to marry him. Gautham's father plans to kill Surya for the love of his son. Gautham comes to know the plan and tells his father that he is getting killed instead of Surya, in the hands of paid murderers on the telephone. Gautham sacrifices his life for Mithuna but before he dies, he feels Mithuna is walking away in front of his car. Mithuna is heartbroken a second time. Later Mithuna and Surya meet each other. Gautham's love succeeds when Mithuna asks Surya for time to forget Gautham.Goutam's father understands his mistake of trying to kill Surya and regrets that his own son is killed instead.Now upon his son's death, he understands that true love cannot be replaced, he longs for his son and decides to leave this world where his love isn't alive anymore.Later it is revealed that the dead man at graveyard is Gautham's father who has been missing for a while.