Main Tera Dushman

Honest and diligent Forest Officer Kishan Srivastav (Jackie Shroff) and his wife Jaya (Jaya Pradha) come to the rural area of Ramgarh, and upset the criminal activities of Thakur Dayalu (Anupam Kher), a corrupt Police Inspector, Kiran Kumar (Kiran Kumar) and their cronies, which include the capture and death of wildlife, so that Dayalu can decorate his palatial home. Kishan attempts to disrupt their criminal activities, he finds that Dayalu Singh has by-passed him and complained to his superiors, thereby getting him dismissed from employment and being framed and imprisoned for a murder. Apparently, this is not the only time that Dayalu has got away with murder. He had also killed Gopal (Sunny Deol) in the presence of his to-be bride, Jugni (Sridevi), making her lose her sanity. Dayalu frames Jugni's dad, Jwalaprasad (Kulbhushan Kharbanda) for the murder of Gopal. And with Jaya all by herself, Dayalu turn his lustful eyes on her. But just at the right moment, Ramu, a baby elephant comes to her rescue and fights with the Thakur. When Kishan is jailed for 7 years, his wife Jaya faints in the court and falls sick. Her son and Ramu the elephant take care of her, doing a street play to earn money for her medicines. Kishan escapes from jail with the help of Ramu the elephant, who packs his favorite boots for him. Ramu helps the family flee from the clutches of Thakur and his crony policemen. While the family is hiding in the jungle, the son starts feeling hungry. Ramu goes near a temple and starts blessing women, who give him money. With this money, he buys bread for the family. Inspector Kiran Kumar sees this and follows Ramu the elephant into the jungle. Kiran finds the family and is about to shoot Kishan, when Ramu snatches the gun from him using his trunk. Together Kishan and Ramu fight off the policemen. Ramu eventually kills Kiran by trampling him. Meanwhile, Jwalaprasad is released from jail, only to find out that Jugni has escaped from the asylum. Jwalaprasad finds her in front of a temple, with perfect makeup, where she refuses to recognize him. Jugni is still under the perception that she is going to get married. Jwalaprasad managed to corner Thakur's men and tries to fight them alone. The men throw him into a swamp, but Kishan comes at the right time to save him, and Ramu the elephant pulls Jwalaprasad out of the swamp. He also throws Thakur's chief goon into the swamp, which makes Thakur very angry. His men manage to shoot the sole witness of Kishan's innocence. Kishan takes him to the hospital and threatens a doctor to cure the witness. Thakur has an epiphany that he is going to die, and in order to protect himself, he goes back to abduct Jaya, and kills a villager in the process. Jugni, who is somehow there, is reminded of the tragedy she faced and faints. Jwalaprasad informs Kishan that his wife has been abducted and both of them go to fight Thakur in his palatial house. They are both captured. Jugni arrives there, calling Dayalu Thakur her father, who tells her that he himself is Jugni's fiancee. Jugni then dresses up, and starts dancing. Turns out, it was all to fool him, and she has the fighting skills of a flying ninja. She manages to release all three captives and there's a big fight, in which she gets shot. Thakur manages to escape the drama, but Kishan, Jugni and Ramu the elephant catch up with him. Jugni kills Thakur and avenges Gopal's death. Ramu the elephant also remembers that Thakur had killed his mom and tramples Thakur. Jugni dies, eventually. Ramu the elephant implores the audience to save animals. Clearly, the hero here is Ramu, the elephant.