Satya Harishchandra

Satya Harischandra (N. T. Rama Rao) is a ruler of Ayodhya belongs to Suryavasam, he is one among the six kings who ruled the earth like heaven and performed hundred Rajasuya Yaga's, whose path of life is always the truth. Once in Indra's (Mikkilineni) court, Maharshi Viswamitra (Mukkamala) had a confrontation with Maharshi Vashista (Chittor V. Nagaiah) that he will divert Harischandra from his path of truth. Viswamitra goes to Harischandra's court, asks a huge amount of money without any hesitation Harichandra is ready to pay. Viswamitra asks to keep it with him as his property. Then he creates wild animals creating trouble for people and brings Harischandra to the forest. There he creates two beautiful women called Matanga Kanyalu (Rajasri & Meena Kumari) and tries to lure Harischandra, but he does not yield. Viswamitra threatens Harichandra either to marry the girls or leave the kingdom. Harichandra gives away his kingdom. When Harichandra is about to leave Viswamitra asks to repay the amount he kept in his asylum. Harischandra asks some time to repay, Viswamitra gives a month and asks his assistant Nakshatrakudu (Ramana Reddy) to accompany him. On the way, Viswamitra keeps many tests to Harichandra which cannot stand before his true path. After reaching Kaasi, he observes people are sold in the market. Due to short of time, on his wife Chandramathi's (S. Varalakshmi) advice, he sells her along with his son Lohitha. Lord Kaasi Vishwanath (M. Prabhakar Reddy) buys them in the form of Kaalakoushikudu (Relangi). After that, Nakshatrakudu asks his traveling expenses then he sells himself to Veerabhadrudu (Rajanala) king of the funeral yard. Now Harichandra starts working as a watchman to the burial ground and Chandramathi & Lohitha as slaves in Kaalakoushikudu house. One day suddenly Lohitha dies due to snake bite while Chandramathi performing his funeral Hraichandra obstructs her way and says that she should pay the fee for it without knowing their identity. She doesn't have anything to give then he shows her golden wedding chain. Then she understands that the person is her husband only because her wedding chain is invisible to others. In such pathetic situations also Raja Harischandra did not yield and stands on his word that she should pay the fee. Chandramathi rushes to get the money from her owner. At the same time, Viswamitra creates an illusion that Chadramathi has kidnapped the son of Kaasiraju (King of Kaasi). The soldiers follow her and she leaves on the way where Chandramathi is rushing when she sees the child was dead and the blame comes on her. King gives death sentence to her and sends her to Harichandra to execute it. Even then he does not leave is true path executes the punishment. Suddenly, Viswamitra, Vashita & Lord Shiva appears. Finally, Viswamitra accepts his defeat before Harischandra and by blessings of Lord Siva, he gets back his kingdom.