On the Job

In a Philippines rife with corruption and poverty, hitmen Mario and Daniel are prisoners who are frequently released and paid to perform hits for their boss, Thelma. Mario spends his earnings on his law school tuition for his daughter Tina, and for his estranged wife, Lulette. Daniel, the younger and most reckless partner, pays remittances to his family and spends the rest on goods and privileges inside prison. Daniel has come to see Mario as a mentor and father figure. After the pair murder drug lord Tiu and return to prison, Tiu's murder case is assigned to NBI Agent Francis Coronel through the agent's father-in-law, Congressman Manrique. Coronel's father, also a police officer, died amid rumors of corruption. When Coronel and his partner Bernabe arrive at the local precinct, they clash with PNP Sergeant Joaquin Acosta, a twenty-year veteran who believes the case was taken from him for political reasons.
Mario and Daniel next carry out a hit on a woman named Linda. Upon hearing of her death, Linda's husband, Pol, immediately calls Acosta. Pol reveals that Tiu's murder is one of several assassinations ordered by Manrique's close friend General Pacheco, a military officer campaigning for public office in the Senate. Pacheco runs a gun-for-hire operation using prisoners, and kills others involved in the business in order to protect his campaign. Acosta agrees to protect Pol and heads to the station, where he finds Coronel and Bernabe. While the two confront Acosta, Daniel shoots Pol, but his pistol jams before he can deliver the fatal shot. The three officers converge on them, forcing Daniel and Mario to flee. Daniel shoots a hospital janitor to create a distraction, allowing Mario to kill Pol. The two then split up to escape; Coronel and Bernabe chase Daniel, and Acosta pursues Mario. During the chase, Bernabe is shot, and Mario sprains his ankle.
Coronel confronts Manrique during a campaign meeting, and explains that he intends to arrest Pacheco, but Manrique warns Coronel that Pacheco's indictment will cause their downfall, as Manrique is one of Pacheco's clients. Acosta relays Mario's composite sketch to the police to be broadcast on television. Frustrated of his father-in-law's involvement with Pacheco, Coronel decides to work with Acosta, who informs him that his father was not corrupt, but was in fact killed while trying to expose corruption—Acosta himself was demoted for his part in working to weed out corruption. When Coronel discovers Mario's identity, he visits Lulette, who is with her lover, Boy. Coronel informs Acosta of Lulette's affair, and he attempts to use it as leverage while interrogating Mario. He is unsuccessful, but Mario later expresses to Daniel a sense of betrayal by his family's abandonment.
Tiu's father tells Acosta and Coronel that he can provide them with the evidence they need to arrest Pacheco. On the way, though, Coronel abandons Acosta to visit Pacheco, who admits that he killed Coronel's father. Coronel secretly records a conversation between Pacheco and his men regarding the murder of Tiu's father.
The next day, Coronel informs his wife Nicky of his intention to take down Pacheco, incriminating Manrique in the process. Daniel murders Coronel in front of police headquarters. Enraged, Acosta attacks Manrique's and Pacheco's security detail, resulting in a brief shootout, until Pacheco orders them to cease fire. On the day Mario is to be released from prison, he realizes that he has no reason to leave, as his family no longer wants to have anything to do with him, and he stabs Daniel to death in order to remain incarcerated. Coronel's death is mourned by many, including Nicky. Acosta is discharged and investigated for Coronel's murder. Mario visits home, kills Boy in front of his family, and returns to prison.
Sometime later, a recovered Bernabe looks through Coronel's possessions and finds the cell phone that Coronel used to secretly record the incriminating conversation between Manrique and Pacheco. Bernabe requisitions the phone as evidence.