Daffy's Inn Trouble

Daffy Duck and Porky Pig work in the hotel business on the western frontier. At the start of the cartoon we see Daffy sweeping the floor, and exclaiming his dissatisfaction for his job. When Porky calls Daffy over, and gives him a new broom as a present, Daffy throws his hat on the floor in disgust and quits the job.
Daffy then proceeds to build his own hotel business directly across the way from Porky. Porky looks on, exclaiming all that because he gave Daffy a present. Daffy does everything he can to persuade business to his new establishment, hanging signs reading 'Free Lunch', 'Free TV', 'We Give Plaid Stamps' and 'Western Spoken Here'. After Porky wishes Daffy luck, he spots a customer whom he hastily invites to his newly built establishment. Upon his arrival to the hotel, Daffy tries to take the gentleman's order, but is instead robbed.
Despite Daffy's many attempts at wooing customers with his free advertisements, Porky's establishment is receiving all the business. Daffy wonders what Porky has that he doesn't, so he wanders over to take a peek. Daffy sees a (live action) vaudeville show. Determined to fight fire with fire, Daffy goes back to his hotel dressed up as a girl and then dances/lip-syncs to a record playing "The Latin Quarter" (from the 1938 Warner Brothers musical, Gold Diggers in Paris) on the front porch to sway potential customers away from Porky's establishment. This works well until the record starts skipping and the bystanders realize what's going on. Insulted by Daffy's deceptive marketing ploy, they all throw fruits and vegetables at him. Daffy then attempts to join forces with Porky and asks him to be partners. When Porky replies by telling Daffy he has all the business he needs, Daffy menaces him with a gun, but accidentally shoots himself instead, and then decides to destroy Porky's business by force.
First, Daffy tries to drop a boulder off a cliff onto Porky's hotel; this backfires when the boulder misses, bounces, and crushes Daffy's hotel (which makes Daffy's head transform to a braying donkey's). Daffy then decides to dress up like a woman, in order to place explosives under the floor boards of Porky's hotel; however, while Porky leaves the hotel to attend to the lady, the explosives go off, and we see that Porky has struck oil. We then see that Porky's hotel is destroyed (as it was on top of the oil gusher) and closed, with a sign posted reading "moved to a new location." The camera pans over to Porky's new and improved five-star hotel, in which Daffy now works for Porky again. Porky offers Daffy the chance to 'clean up', and gives him his own office. When he opens the door to his office, several brooms and mops fall out of the closet. Daffy then picks up a 'janitor' hat and puts it on.