Air Bud: Golden Receiver

The next year after Buddy's former owner, Norm Snively, was sent to prison and becoming Buddy's legal owner, Josh Framm (Kevin Zegers), now a teenager and a basketball player, becomes angry with his mother, Jackie, when she begins dating Patrick Sullivan, the town's new veterinarian, after a couple of failed dates with other people. It all starts when Sullivan innocently tosses Josh's basketball-savvy dog, Buddy, a football one day, and Josh discovers that Buddy also has an uncanny ability to play the sport of football. Soon enough, Buddy begins playing on Josh's Junior High football team after Tommy convinces Josh to sign up for football instead of basketball. At first, the team is failing miserably. But thanks to Buddy's superior football skills and fast running, the team keeps on winning and makes the playoffs. In addition, they advance to the championship.
Meanwhile, two Russians by the names of Natalya and Popov kidnap Buddy in hopes of having him perform as the special attraction in the Russian circus while Josh runs away when Patrick proposes to his mother. His coach finds him and convinces him that just because Patrick is in his life now, he doesn't have to stop loving his father and he returns home, but Patrick is gone and Buddy is missing.
The Timberwolves are forced to play the championship game without Buddy and are losing terribly. Buddy, in Natalya's and Popov's hands, knocks his cage over to unlock the hatch on a chimpanzee's cage hence letting the chimp out, who then in return lets Buddy out. Buddy and the chimp release all the other animals and they manage to escape. After the chimp ambushes Natalya and Popov with fish guts and sword fighting, Natalya and Popov are arrested and placed into the custody of the Russian embassy as they collide their van, where they fly out of it and fall into a fishing vessel following a chase sequence involving Buddy as the victim.
Meanwhile, Patrick finds Buddy and takes him to the game. With the help of Buddy, the team catches up, but Buddy is taken out of the game due to a subsequent injury. The Timberwolves are forced to finish the game without him and thanks to Josh and Tommy, they win the championship.
Later, Josh stops Patrick from leaving on a boat and convinces him to stay with the family. The family later goes to a Seattle Seahawks football game and Buddy sneaks onto the field.