Vallavanukku Pullum Aayudham

Faction feud in Tamil Nadu results in the death of Singaraayar's (Nagineedu) brother and he, along with his two sons Dharma (Ravi Prakash) and Kaali (Sugunthan), vow for revenge. Time turns and comes to Chennai. Here lives Sakthi (N. Santhanam), an innocent and somewhat unlucky guy whose parents are no more and is ousted out of his job. His life takes a turn with a correspondence that he has got five acres of land in his hometown in Tamil nadu. He decides to sell that land and sets off to the village. In this process, he also meets Vaanathi (Ashna Zaveri) who is the daughter of Singaraayar. However, much to Sakthi's bad luck, he happens to be the son of the man who killed Singaraayar's brother and he ends up in their home itself. He takes advantage of a tradition of their house that not even one drop of blood should fall inside the house. Vaanathi falls for Sakthi in the mean time. He escapes in all the plans much to the fury of Singaraayar. Soon the story takes a twist when Vaanathi, not knowing that Shakthi is the son of the man who killed her father's brother, falls for Shakthi. Her cousin Raja comes to know about this and refuses to marry Vaanathi, though Shakthi had convinced him earlier in order to prolong Singaraayar's plan. Singaraayar had moved the engagement to the temple so Sakthi cannot prolong the plan to kill him any longer. When Raja tells Singaraayar about Vaanathi's love, he slaps Raja. And in the engagement Dharma carries a basket he thinks Shakthi is hiding in, away from the temple to kill him. It is then revealed that Shakthi is still in Singaraayar's mansion. Then he runs away from the house only to be chased by Singaraayar's men. But Shakthi narrowly escapes from his death and is saved by Vaanathi. When he crosses a bridge which is located at a very high place, he refuses to let Vaanathi come with him and now Vaanathi comes to know the truth and is heartbroken. Soon Singaraayar and his men arrive to kill Shakthi. He somehow escapes. But suddenly Vaanathi tells her father that she was the one who loved Shakthi. Shakthi has a change of heart and decides to go back to Singaraayar to express his feelings to Vaanathi. Singaraayar orders his men to beat Shakthi. First an angry Dharma punches Shakthi, and is followed by 2 3 blows, then he hits a rod and loses consciousness and loses his breath and bleeds badly. Vanathi can't bear this and jumps to the river. Shakthi saves Vaanathi while the family had just watched in shock. Singaraayar and his sons are stunned and realize they must end the feud, and in the end Shakthi marries Vaanathi.