The Stoneman Murders

The serial killer dubbed 'Stoneman' by the media has just claimed his fifth victim and the case is still of little interest to the Bombay police. But to suspended sub-inspector Sanjay Shelar (Kay Kay Menon) (for a custodial death of a gangster) this killer poses an opportunity to recover his job from suspension. Sanjay hopes to track the killer down and thus, possibly find an entry back into the police force. With the secret aid of his patronizing superior AIG Satam (Vikram Gokhale), Sanjay takes up the arduous process of tracking the murderer.He asks help from an aide and his friend Kamble (Virendra Saxena) who tells him that his wife has ran away. The official police investigator of the case, Kedar Phadke (Arbaaz Khan), clashes incessantly with Sanjay. They, separately, delve deeper into the case. Sanjay is determined to find the stone-man. He takes the help of his informer Ghanshu(Ashraful haque).The Stoneman is shown to be killing poor people sleeping on streets (beggars, workers, sweepers etc.). All the people on the streets think the killer is a midnight taxi driver named Mohammed. His wife Manali (Rukhsar) is upset with him and thinks that he is having an affair. One night someone throws a stone into Sanjay's house through a window. Manali thinks it to be the mischief of boys of the locality; Sanjay feels it is the Stoneman. Another night the Stoneman tries to kill a beggar sleeping on the roadside but is saved by Kedar and some patrolling policemen. Sanjay and his car is spotted by Kedar. Sanjay finds that his investigation house has been visited by the Stoneman as he sees vermilion spread everywhere in the room.
Sanjay contemplates a possible danger to his wife and asks her to leave for her village. He rushes to the station to get her rail ticket where he encounters the Stoneman. Before he can catch him, Kedar shoots him in the thigh, thinking him to be the killer. Sanjay escapes and the incident brings him closer to his wife. He suspects the killer to be a policeman, from a tribe, performing an impotency ritual and asks his trusted cop Kamble (Virendra Saxena) to tell this to AIG Satam along with evidence. In the climax it is shown that Mohammed was a man deployed by Kedar and Kamble turns out to be the killer Stoneman when Sanjay tells him the Stoneman wears shoes similar to police officers of crime unit and is a tribal. Kamble attacks Sanjay with a stone about to commit his ninth and last murder, but both are saved by the police (Kedar and associates). In a trap laid by the police in the hospital, when Kamble sneaks in to kill Sanjay, he is nabbed and the matter is closed. Satam does not want the case to be revealed to the public and the media and wants it to be hushed up since it involved a cop from his own team. Kamble is shot dead in an encounter and buried in the jungle by Sanjay on the order of Satam. In the end it is shown that in Kamble's village, a covered man with a voice similar to Satam is performing a ritual and asks a person to give him nine offerings of humans and this time to kill people in Calcutta. The story ends showing killings in Bombay and Calcutta in 1983 and 1987 in the credits. Sanjay is shown to be old in the present day settled with his wife and daughter.