Angel John

Maradonna (Shanthnoo) is an aimless youngster who likes to waste his time doing practically nothing other than fooling around. For him everything in life is just fun. He likes to take the easy way out and lacks focus in his life.
He is the only son of Joseph (Lalu Alex), a Banker and Mary (Ambika), who dotes on him. The only person who has a soft corner for him is the beautiful Sofia (Nithya Menon) who has a limp and is the daughter of a failed filmmaker, Kuruvilla (Vijayaraghavan).
Maradonna messes up his life by getting into company of friends and starting an internet café that fails and to recoup his losses and attracted by ‘easy money’ he gets into drugs. Soon he is conned and loses everything after pledging his house to a ‘blade’ moneylender (Salim Kumar).
On hearing the news his father is hospitalized and his mother finally loses faith in him. A shattered Maradonna decides to commit suicide by jumping from a lighthouse into the sea. As he is about to jump, he is held back by a divine force in the form of Angel John (Mohanlal), who offers him a new lease on life. In that lease the Angel fulfills his desires but the same desires won't be fulfilled again. But as his desires gets fulfilled his death will also be near. Not thinking about the consequences he takes the easy way which starts with Rs.5 lakh to getting his house back from 'blade' moneylender. When Kadar Moosa (jagathy) tries to win a world record by breathing underwater he gets caught in a fish net and dies without getting out. Angel, knowing of this incident, tells Maradonna but tells him he won't save Moosa. Maradonna jumps into the water to save Moosa followed by Angel and gives back his life again. Followed by the incident there was a colony get together in which Moosa shares his real intention in record winning was that he wanted his wife to come back and followed by Kuruvilla film which a producer accepted because the script Sofia wrote (script idea by Angel). Everyone was happy but except Maradonna who is sad because he is going to die that day which was told by Angel. Maradonna asks Angel "what will he do if it was Angel in his position?". To which Angel replies "He will go to the God's dearest children."(meaning handicapped children). When Maradonna goes there he sees the persons who conned him and many children. Maradonna gets into a fight with them and a 12yr boy tries to stab a villain but by mistake Maradonna gets stabbed as Angel said. When Angel and Maradonna (soul of Maradonna) goes to the roof Angel waits for God's grace and sends Maradonna (soul) back to his body. Angel explains to him why he is not taking Maradonna with him and departs. The next scene takes us to Maradonna, being an obedient boy who listens to his parents as Angel comes to the moneylender's house.