Kaatru Veliyidai

The film begins with a shot of the Kargil War showing the advances made by Indian soldiers. An Indian Air Force fighter jet is shot down by the enemy. The pilot Varun Chakrapani aka VC (Karthi) ejects from the hit aircraft and lands in enemy territory. He is promptly surrounded and captured by the Pakistani Army. He is imprisoned in the Rawalpindi prison as a prisoner of war and is subjected to regular torture. While being held captive, he turns to the memories of his time with his former love, Leela (Aditi Rao Hydari).
Leela comes to Srinagar to work as a doctor. Meanwhile, VC encounters an accident while on a joy ride. He is brought in a critical condition to the hospital. With the duty doctor not available, Leela takes charge, treats VC, and nurses him back to health. He then gets out of the hospital without her knowledge with the help of Dr. Illyas Hussain (RJ Balaji), a army doctor. When Leela comes to know about it, she and Nidhi (Rukmini Vijayakumar), her colleague confront Illyas about it. Illayas then arranges for Leela and Nidhi to come to a Air force meeting the following week and make them meet VC. VC proposes to her for a coffee in a flight in the Saturday of that week at 5.00pm, which Leela accepts and they both enjoy the ride.
Meanwhile, VC gets to know that Leela is the sister of his course pilot, Ravi Abraham, who died in a flight which VC was supposed to go in. Both develop feelings for each other. Later, Leela doesn't get to meet VC for 2 months and questions Illyas about VC's whereabouts. He reveals that VC is in a camp for 3 months at Leh Militarybase. Leela and Nidhi go to meet him. When VC asks whether Leela came to meet him, she says yes, but also the fact that she wanted to see the place where Ravi died. He takes her and she slowly gets to know that VC has a different character other than the lovable one which she has seen. Back to the present, VC and two other Indians plan for an escape from the prison. Back to the past, Leela leaves and he tells her that she'll get couriers from him, in which she did. One day, when she interferes with the discussion in which the officers were doing about the attack, VC tells her that women and men are made for their own purposes by God and she can't talk about this. But, she retaliates by saying that both are equal and women are not only to give birth to children. VC tells Leela to shut up, but she refuses. So, he asks her to do so as he tells her to do. She gets angry and moves out. He goes to her home and tells her that she's all he's got and he loves her so much and that he's not like her, and she is way too higher than him as he kills and she saves. So, VC takes Leela to a local register office and tells her that they should marry. As she is not ready for it, he asks her to think about it and come the next day at 4.00 pm. He leaves to Delhi forgetting about this and she's upset over him as he treats her like a Queen as well as puts her down and smashes her.The next day, she tells him that she's pregnant and as he gets hesitant about it, she says that she'll take care and leaves. The following day, Leela's grandfather dies and he goes there to her house where it is shown that Leela's father hates VC. That night he goes and tries to convince them, but he doesn't even get one word from them. The next day, when he's leaving for the Kargil war, Leela tells him that she's resigning and leaving Srinagar. He pleads for one more chance and leaves. Then he gets captured by Pakistan and put as a prisoner. By some way, VC and the two other prisoners escape and reach India.
VC searches for Leela and after 3 years, he finds her and tells her that he's changed and that he's sorry for meeting her, loving her, hurting her and for everything. When he sees Leela's daughter, she asks him to find out whether the daughter looks like him or her for VC's pleasant surprise and is moved. VC tells his daughter that he just did not come over 7 seas but 7 mountains to meet her.VC asks her why didn't she contact him, she says that she was afraid if he wouldn't like Leela or his daughter. They spend a moment of revelation with a hug and Leela says that Rohini (VC's daughter) is his responsibility from there on.