Lakshyam

The film starts with a flashback in Hyderabad. ACP Bose (Jagapati Babu) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents and younger brother Chandu (Gopichand) Chandu is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Indu (Anushka). Enters Section Shankar (Yashpal Sharma), the villain, who is notorious for settlements and land deals. He kills anyone who comes in his way and does not leave any evidence or witness behind. He takes a loan of ₹100 crores from a private bank with the help of a conniving DGP and a politician. The man who kills the Chairman for Shankar is Chandu's classmate Shafi (Amith Kumar Tiwari),who have lust on Indu. He requests to Shankar that he need Indu as his wife. So on the day of his idol opening,he sends his goons to kidnap her. They kidnaps her when she is disclosing her love to Chandu. Shankar's plan fails as Chandu arrives at the place and fights with him and his goons. When Shafi comes to meet Shankar,he gives his next plan which is to kidnap her again on the next chance. When Chandu is with his brother at police station, Indu invites him to her hometown to attend her cousin's wedding. Shafi,who awaited for next chance to kidnap her,gets a chance and Shankar's goons again comes to kidnap Indu. But unfortunately Chandu gets stabbed by goon,sends Indu with Shafi. He takes her to Shankar's home and locks her. On the very next moment,Bose arrests the Pvt bank's manager on an intention to know the reason behind the death of chairman. Now Shankar and the D.I.G. have no idea to where Bose taken manager. For finding the location where the manager is,Shafi calls Bose and informs Chandu met with an accident for which Bose replies to him to take Chandu to General hospital. When the manager was about to reveal the secret behind chairman's death, Shankar,DIG,and Shafi arrives at mortuary and kills Bose and manager and hides Bose to frame Bose for the murder of both chairman and manager. At the same time DIG reports to the media Bose done all the misdoing for the huge amount of money the customers invested.