Rudraveena

Satyanarayana, an aged MP, visits Ramapuram. After talking to the locals, Satyanarayana finds that Ramapuram is well-developed and civilised due to the activities of a man named Suryam. He meets Suryam and asks him what inspired him to take up the task of developing Ramapuram. After learning of Satyanarayana interest in Ramapuram's development, Suryam agrees to relate the village's story in the parliament.
Suryanarayana "Suryam" Sastry is the son of 'Bilahari' Ganapathi Sastry, a reputed carnatic music maestro. Sastry is short tempered and discriminates against people based on their caste. Suryam has an elder brother, Udayam, who was born mute and is adept at playing the nadaswaram. He also has a younger sister Sandhya, who plays the tambura. Suryam and Sastry have ideological differences, as the former prefers to help the needy instead of practicing music. Udayam's wife, Gayathri, keeps mediating between the two, which strengthens her bond with Suryam. After watching a dancer performing on a cliff away from a temple, Suryam meets her and learns that she is Lalitha Sivajyothi, a classical dancer who belongs to a lower caste and is denied entry into the temple. Her father Varalayya, a lawyer by profession, is a social worker and is successful to an extent. On the other hand, an amateur singer named Charukesa follows Sandhya and befriends her. Encouraged by Gayathri, Suryam proposes to Lalitha and is successful.
On his way back to home to join Sastry for a concert, Suryam helps a few victims of an accidental fire in Ramapuram. His absence leaves Sastry livid and he refuses to listen to any excuses. Sastry comes across Suryam and Lalitha as a couple, which widens the gap between them. While Gayathri is apprehensive, Udayam remains unaffected. On the way to another concert, Sastry refuses to help an injured lineman named Narayana. A disturbed Suryam emphasises that society's welfare is more important than worshipping music, which makes Sastry declare Charukesa his successor as a musician. Suryam confronts Sastry about this and leaves the house for good after an argument. Suryam meets Varalayya and stays in his client's house. Suryam later meets Narayana's widow and learns that the government has denied him compensation as he was drunk during working hours. He also meets the family of another drunkard named Kishtappa, one of the survivors of the fire. Their situation leaves Suryam disturbed, and he vows to abolish liquor in Ramapuram. Suryam and Lalitha begin their attempts to make the working class men abandon liquor consumption. Although initially successful, the plan backfires later.
Sastry finds that Charukesa and Sandhya are in a relationship, and humiliates the former. After Sandhya's rebellion, Sastry conducts their marriage. After the event, Sastry asks Charukesa to request any gift as dowry. Keeping the past in mind, Charukesa asks Sastry to abandon the Bilahari raga he specialised in as a musician at his future concerts. Sastry agrees half-heartedly and Suryam, who attends the marriage, performs a concert to a positive response. Varalayya plans to conduct the marriage of Suryam and Lalitha, and informs Sastry of this. At Sastry's instigation, a group of drunkards create a ruckus at the venue. They promise to give up drinking if Suryam walks out of the marriage. With Lalitha's consent, Suryam calls off his wedding. His sacrifice earns the respect of the villagers, and the drunkards obey his words. An agitated Udayam and Gayathri leave Sastry's house after learning of his deception. Suryam and Lalitha start a rural development movement named "Lalitha Grameena Sveeyasikshana Udyamam" and achieve the desired results.
Satyanarayana is pleased to learn that twenty-eight villages adopted Suryam's methods and achieved successful development. He also quits consuming alcohol. Suryam gains national recognition for his work and the prime minister announces a felicitation in Ramapuram. Except for Sastry, all of Suryam's family members, including Charukesa, attend the event. Initially reluctant, Sastry arrives shortly after and introduces himself proudly as Suryam's father instead of as a prominent carnatic musician. He also approves Suryam's marriage with Lalitha, much to the happiness of the villagers.