Goldfinger

After destroying a drug laboratory in Latin America, James Bond—Agent 007—travels to Miami Beach to receive instructions from his superior, M, via CIA agent Felix Leiter. He is to observe bullion dealer Auric Goldfinger at the hotel there. Bond sees Goldfinger cheating at gin rummy and stops him by distracting his employee, Jill Masterson, and blackmailing Goldfinger into losing. After Bond and Jill consummate their new relationship, Bond is knocked out by Goldfinger's Korean manservant, the hulking giant Oddjob. When Bond awakens, he finds Jill dead, covered in gold paint, having died from "skin suffocation."
In London, the chancellor of the exchequer and M explain to Bond that gold prices vary across the world, allowing one to profit by selling bullion internationally, and his objective is determining how Goldfinger does it by smuggling. Bond arranges to meet Goldfinger socially at his country club in Kent, and wins a high-stakes golf game against him with a recovered Nazi gold bar at stake. Bond follows him to Switzerland, where Tilly, Jill's sister, makes an unsuccessful attempt at revenge by firing a rifle at Goldfinger.
Bond sneaks into Goldfinger's plant and discovers Goldfinger smuggles gold by melting it down and incorporating it into the bodywork of his car, which he takes with him whenever he travels. Bond also overhears Goldfinger talking to Chinese agent Mr. Ling about "Operation Grand Slam." Leaving, Bond encounters Tilly as she tries to kill Goldfinger again, but trips an alarm in the process. Oddjob kills Tilly with his hat, and Bond is captured and tied to a cutting table underneath an industrial laser, which begins to slice a sheet of gold in half, with Bond lying over it. Bond lies to Goldfinger that MI6 knows about Grand Slam, causing Goldfinger to spare Bond's life to mislead MI6 into believing Bond has things in hand.
Bond is transported by Goldfinger's private jet, piloted by Pussy Galore, to his stud farm near Fort Knox, Kentucky. Bond escapes and witnesses Goldfinger's meeting with US mafiosi, who have brought the materials he needs for Operation Grand Slam. Although they are each promised $1 million, Goldfinger tempts them that they could have the million today, or $10 million tomorrow, and relates Grand Slam, revealed to be his plan to rob Fort Knox. He then kills them using some of the "Delta 9" nerve gas he plans to release over Fort Knox.
Bond is recaptured and tells Goldfinger his plan to rob the gold depository will not work, as he will not have time to move the gold before the Americans intervene. Goldfinger hints he does not intend to steal the gold, and Bond deduces that Goldfinger will detonate a dirty bomb inside the vault, designed to render the gold useless for 58 years. This will increase the value of Goldfinger's own gold and give the Chinese an advantage from the potential economic chaos. Goldfinger subtly threatens that should the Americans attempt to locate the bomb or interfere with his plan, he will simply have it detonated somewhere of significance in the United States.
Operation Grand Slam begins with Pussy Galore's Flying Circus spraying the gas over Fort Knox. However, Bond had seduced Galore and convinced her to replace the nerve gas with a harmless substance and alert the US government about Goldfinger's plan. The military personnel of Fort Knox play dead until they are certain that they can capture the bomb and prevent the criminals from escaping.
Believing the military forces to be neutralized, Goldfinger's private army breaks into Fort Knox and accesses the vault itself as Goldfinger arrives in a helicopter with the atomic device. In the vault, his henchman Kisch handcuffs Bond to the bomb. The troops wake up and attack, killing many of Goldfinger's men. Seeing this, Goldfinger closes the vault, takes off his coat, revealing a US Army colonel's uniform, and kills Mr. Ling and several troops seeking to open the vault, then makes his escape. Kisch realizes he's trapped and attempts to stop the bomb, but Oddjob throws him to his death. Bond grabs Kisch's handcuff keys and frees himself, but Oddjob repeatedly attacks him before he can disarm the bomb. Eventually Bond manages to electrocute Oddjob, then forces the lock off the bomb using gold bars from the vault, but is unable to disarm it. Meanwhile, the soldiers, which are still fighting Goldfinger's army, eventually gain the upper hand and open the vault. After finally killing all Goldfinger's men, the troops rush to disarm the bomb. An atomic specialist who accompanied Leiter arrives with seconds to spare, and simply turns off the device with the timer stopped on "0:07".
Bond is invited to the White House for lunch with the President. However, Goldfinger hijacks the plane carrying Bond there. In a struggle for Goldfinger's revolver, the gun fires, shooting out a window, creating an explosive decompression. Goldfinger is sucked out of the cabin through the ruptured window. With the plane out of control, Bond rescues Galore and they parachute safely from the aircraft before it crashes into the ocean. A rescue helicopter passes by, but James claims they don't need to be rescued at this moment and they ignore it.