Moondru Per Moondru Kadhal

Varun (Vimal) and Anjana’s (Lasini) love story happens in the Ooty mountains (in Tamil literature, they are referred to as Kurinji); Guna (Cheran) and Mallika’s (Muktha Bhanu) story happens in Tuticorin seashore (Neidhal); and Harris (Arjun Sarja) and Divya’s (Surveen Chawla) story happens in the city (Marudham). The story revolves around these couples and the trials and tribulations they face.
Varun explains the story of his life where he had fallen with Anjana in spite of knowing that her engagement has been called off, but later sacrifices his love after hearing the story of Guna and Mallika.
Guna is a philanthropist who runs an organisation called "Punnagai," a rehabiliation centre for jail prisoners. Mallika, a physiotherapist silently pines love for him. When Guna failed to unite a prisoner (Aadukalam Naren) with his family, Mallika does the job. Impressed with her he handles the responsibility of taking care of Punnagai to her and leaves the town.
Another story is of Harris, a swimming coach and his student-cum-lover Divya (Varun claims that Divya is his childhood friend but there is no scene where they are together). Divya is disappointed for losing the swimming match, her father Thiruvengadam (Thambi Ramaiah) advises another coach Elango (John Vijay) to replace Harris with another coach, but Divya is adamant that Harris should be her coach. Meanwhile, Harris gets involved in a bike accident where his legs and hands has been hurt, but he encourages Divya to take part in the Olympics swimming match. Divya practices for the match rigorously and wins the competition by finishing it in less than 56 seconds.
In 2016, Varun narrated these stories, because these incidents prompted him to write a novel called "Moondru Kaadhal". Harris arrives at the press conference of the book release and tells that he is alive because of Divya. She is the epitome of goodness and confidence and he narrates that though Divya had won the match, she died due to heart attack on the swimming pool. The film ends with Harris uttering Kaadhal Ketpadhalla Koduppadhu ("Love is not to be asked but to be given").