Kathi Kantha Rao

Kathi Kantharao (Allari Naresh) is the son of a suspended gunman (Dharmavarapu Subramanyam). He is a police constable with two married sisters and another two sisters who are ready for marriage. He has to fulfill the desires of his two greedy brothers-in-law (Krishna Bhagavaan and Srinivas Reddy) and also search for grooms for his younger sisters. The whole family burden rests on his shoulders. He also signs an agreement with his father stating that he won’t marry until his sisters are happily settled in life. However, he deviates from the agreement by falling in love and eventually marrying a girl called Rathnam (Kamna Jethmalani). He decides to keep it a secret until he fulfills the word given to his father. Due to unexpected circumstances, he reveals his relationship with Rathnam to his boss and sub-inspector Kanakaratnam (Jeeva). In the meantime, one of his sisters falls in love with the IG G.K. Rayudu's (Chalapathi Rao) son, while another loves a constable and Katha Rao's friend Vaasu (Venu Madhav). Kantha Rao manages to settle the marriage of his two younger sisters with the people they love. Kanakaratnam to clear the doubts he has about their relationship goes to Rathnam's home town Vengalappapalem to meet with her father Ringu Raja Rao(Kota Srinivasa Rao). Raaja Rao learning about the marriage from Kanakaratnam goes to Hyderabad to confront his daughter. Kanta Rao manages to reveal the truth to Raja Rao and promises to remarry her with the blessings of his entire family. Ringu Raja Rao wants to become the sarpanch of a village and does all kinds of non-sense to appease the voters. As his opponent Lanka Satish's (Ahuti Prasad) son (Nalla Srinu) marries a foreigner, Raja Rao takes advantage and criticises their entire family for his political gain. After a few days, Kanta Rao convinces his parents and sisters and makes arrangements for his younger sisters marriage too and marries Rathnam. However, after the first night, Rathnam unintentionally reveals that she is pregnant. Lanka Satish learns about the pregnancy of Rathnam and defames Raja Rao so that he can win the village elections. With this, the winning chances of Raja Rao as sarpanch turn bleak, and is faced with the dilemma of finding a solution to this critical situation. Kantha Rao faces many troubles and finally solves all his problems and also helps Raja Rao win the village elections.