Adavari Matalaku Ardhale Verule

Ganesh (Venkatesh) is from a middle-class family. He makes several bids to obtain employment but all goes in vain due to his poor language skills and inadequate educational qualifications. All his friends settle in life, but he continues to struggle in finding employment. Ganesh has two faithful friends in Vasu (Srikanth), and Seenu (Sunil). His father (Kota Srinivasa Rao), who is a teacher, is always critical of him for being an irresponsible person. This just added to his list of woes.
At this juncture, Ganesh catches a glimpse of a woman named Keerthi (Trisha) and immediately falls in love with her. He learns that she works for a software solutions firm. Luckily for him, Ganesh finally secures employment in the same firm. Keerthi eventually turns out to be a short-tempered young woman. On a business trip, Ganesh accompanies her along with two other colleagues (Jeeva and Vinaya Prasad), to Australia. Here he reveals his feelings of love to her. She immediately turns him down, saying that she comes from an orthodox family, and her marriage has already been arranged with her cousin.
A depressed Ganesh returns to India thereafter. Unable to see his son in depression, his father decides to meet Keerthi. She abuses him for recommending his son's love and accidentally slaps both Ganesh and his father. Later that night, Ganesh's father dies of a heart attack. In order to help change Ganesh's mood, Vasu manages to persuade him to come along to his family house in the country. Coincidentally, on the train journey, Keerthi is revealed to be the fiancee of Vasu. However, their grandfather's (K. Viswanath) thoughts of getting them married earlier are put aside because Vasu and Keerthi leave the house to have their own identity. This causes heartburn to their grandfather.
With the passing of a few days, the parents of Keerthi and Vasu decide to get them married to appease their grandfather. After several turns of events, Keerthi realizes that she is in love with Ganesh instead. When Ganesh asks her to forget him, during a midnight meeting, because he believes that it would create problems in their happy family. Keerthi's grandfather notices them conversing and admonishes Keerthi for bringing disrepute to their family and asks Ganesh to leave his village. Ganesh gets ready to leave when he sees everyone putting down the decorations for the wedding. Vasu tells him to go away, but Ganesh begs him to marry Keerthi While Ganesh is walking on his way, the bunch of goons he saved the family from, sticks a knife in him and he is taken to the hospital. Seenu sarcastically tells Vasu that he forgot that Vasu doesn't like Ganesh. Everyone slowly leaves to go to the hospital, except Keerthi and her grandfather. Keerthi says that she will never disobey her grandfather. Afterward, Keerthi and grandfather went to the hospital and Ganesh wakes up to go to the station and he sees that everyone is outside his room and he also sees Keerthi and Vasu's grandfather.
In time, the rest of Ganesh and Keerthi's family comes to stay with Ganesh for a few days. The movie ends when Ganesh and Keerthi became a happy couple and live together happily.