Ainthu Ainthu Ainthu

Aravind (Bharath) had met with a terrible accident seven months ago, that left him physically and emotionally scarred. He is currently living with his elder brother Gopal (Santhanam) and being treated for some psychotic disorder. Aravind claims that during the accident, his girlfriend Liyana (Mrithika) was with him and she died in his arms. The strange thing is that such a girl does not seem to exist at all. No one has seen or even heard of her; she does not appear in the student list in her college or even the census reports. She is not mentioned in the newspaper reports of the accident either and some strangers are occupying her home. The psychiatrist is of the opinion that Liyana is a figment of Aravind’s imagination and exists only in his mind. Unable to convince even Gopal of her existence, Aravind tries to get on with his life by going back to work. Here he meets Manjari (Erica Fernandes), a colleague (in a software company Paayal Infotech which is owned by CEO Sudesh Berry), who sympathises with him and also tries to help find some clue to Liyana’s identity. Despite all evidence against Liyana’s existence, memories of her and their love continue to haunt Aravind. Fortunately for him, a chance meeting with Liyana’s aunt sets the ball rolling (Aravind obtains all the information from Liyana's aunty who is not really her aunty but instead pretended to be, she gets killed by a goon who is killed by Aravind in a few seconds). After that things begin to unravel, Aravind finds out that he is being tortured by his own company boss (Sudesh). Reason for doing this is that Liyana happens to be splitting image of Sudesh's own dead lover called Payal so in order to marry her, Sudesh made a plan to torture Aravind by involving Manjari in this game, Gopal gets killed in this mayhem. Aravind shoots Manjari and henchmen. Sudesh narrates that doctor was a fake person set up by him to fool Aravind and also threatened his brother Gopal to pretend ignorance about Liyana. Doctor tortures Aravind with a planned shock treatment to make him go insane but he is completely healthy and kills the doctor. He kills Sudesh and henchmen and unites with Liyana who is alive.