Redirected

The film is divided in five parts: Introduction, Birthday in Malaysia, The myth of eastern Europe, Once upon a time in European Union, and Lithuanian wedding.
John, Ben and Tim were employed by Karl to rob a casino. When forced to have the fourth guy on their plan, they involuntarily bring Michael and keep him uninformed about the happenings.
The plan seemed perfect. They take over the illegal casino in London and get the money around one million pounds in cash. Golden Pole was forced to give the ring despite his reservations. Knowing Karl is behind this kills him instantly. Later they identify Michael as one the guy and try to chase him down.
But the bad guys started shooting. Michael freaked-out and tried to back away. Tim had no chance but to beat sense into him with a fire extinguisher, which resulted in Michael boarding a plane senseless. Then, a volcano in Iceland started spewing ash like crazy and all the flights had to be grounded. This is how John, Ben, Tim, and Michael got stranded in Lithuania.
Michael wakes-up somewhere in a hotel, without a slightest idea where he is. He can not find his friends, but instead he finds the money that John hid inside a toilet cistern. He hits the road with a sack full of cash only to learn that he is in London no more. Malaysia neither. The learning comes costly when local bullies rip him clean, setting Michael on a crusade to get back a million pounds in a country he does not know full of people he does not understand.
Meanwhile, after a night-time stroll through local bars and clubs, Ben and Tim wake up in some shabby countryside farmstead and accidentally start a personal war with local smugglers. They do not know where they are and can not find their way back instead they have to run for their lives, escaping from one crazy adventure right into another.
At the same time John wakes up alone in an empty apartment naked and chained to a radiator. After a horny Catholic priest discovers him with a hooker, John escapes still naked and chained to the radiator only to start a romance with a local hooker.
And above all this, a group of hitmen from London come to get their money back and teach John, Ben, Tim and Michael their last lesson. It all ends in a surreal wedding party that turns into a grotesque shoot-out with the local smugglers. John, Ben, Tim, and Michael barely escape only to find themselves in a new situation that makes their all previous experiences look like a pleasant vacation.