Kshanam

Rishi, a San Francisco-based investment banker gets a voice call from Shweta, his ex-lover. They studied medicine in the same college and wanted to marry, but her father arranged an alliance with an entrepreneur named Karthik. Rishi leaves for India with the pretence of attending a marriage in their relatives' household. He takes a car for hire from Babu Khan, a travel agent. Rishi also takes a SIM card on his sister's address and stays at Hotel Marriott.
Rishi meets Shweta at a restaurant and learns that her five-year-old daughter Ria is missing. Things go from nax to worse, when none except Shweta, including Karthik, believe that Ria actually exists. He also learns about Karthik's brother Bobby, a drug addict, who regularly visits her home. Rishi begins an informal investigation which fails many a time, also inviting the ire of two Afro-American gangsters in the city. Babu Khan, who helps them in transporting drugs, saves Rishi on humanitarian grounds. Posing as Vasanth Khanna, a police officer, Rishi meets Karthik and learns that the couple was childless. Karthik recalls Shweta being attacked by two masked men before a school to steal her car. He added that Shweta went into coma and post recovery started telling that she had a five-year-old daughter named Ria.
Perplexed, Rishi later watches a closed-circuit television video footage of two masked men attacking Shweta on the day when Ria went missing. But, Ria is seen nowhere in the footage which makes Rishi doubt Shweta's mental condition. He confronts Shweta who refuses to acknowledge that Ria is imaginary. Rishi sees height markings of a child on a wall and before he could react, Shweta commits suicide. ACP Jaya and inspector Ravi Chowdary investigate the suicide case. Khanna is killed in Marriott and Khan confesses to Rishi that he saw Bobby kidnapping Ria. They meet Jaya and Chowdary and get Bobby arrested. In custody, Bobby is killed by Jaya as an act of self-defense.
The same night, Khanna's murderers attack Khan and Rishi; Khan is killed in the process of shooting the murderers to death. Rishi watches a MMS in the murderers' phone sent by Jaya instructing to kill him. Rishi meets Jaya at her farmhouse where Ria is hidden. Jaya reveals that Karthik wanted to kill Ria and arranged the attack, after which she found Ria in Bobby's custody. Karthik wanted Shweta to suffer; he convinced all his friends and family to pretend Ria never existed, saying that Shweta cannot bear the shock of her daughter's death.
Before Jaya could kill Rishi, Chowdary shoots her after listening to the conversation on his way to the farmhouse with his subordinates. Karthik is arrested and reveals that Ria was not his daughter, as a medical report confirmed him sterile in the past. Rishi realises that Ria is his biological child and approaches her, he sees a reflection of Shweta smiling at him.