Budak Kelantan

2 guys named Buchek and Jaha, met in Central Market, Kuala Lumpur after had never seen each other for the last 13 years. Buchek, who had just graduated from Universiti Malaya, working with his other friends in burger stall while waiting to get a decent job. Jaha, who had been studying in Henry Gurney Prisoners School at Melaka has been living in Kuala Lumpur for many years. In the earlier scene of this movies, Jaha is seen to encounter a guy who tries to rape a girl in the dark corner of the street.
Jaha who rides a motorcycle with his friend, quickly stopped and beat that guy with the help of his friends. After a short conversation with the girl, Jaha offers to send the girl to his home, telling her that she will be alright as he found out that the girl is actually running from his home. After arriving home, he offered the girl to stay in comfort of his room because the fact that the house is actually lived by other male housemates. Jaha has started to smooth talk with the girl and manage to know that the girl has committed adultery with his boyfriend. Jaha who is actually a pimp, tries to rape the girl and after being resisted, he instructed his friends outside the room to get in a gang rape with the girl. His friends, who helped Jaha to rape the girl, feel pity for her and denied to take turns and leave Jaha alone.
After a night in Jaha's house, the girl is being offered by Jaha to be his boyfriend and he promised to look her for a job. The girl who at first urged Jaha to send him to her sister's house in Shah Alam by taking bus at Klang Bus Stand, finally accept his offered. The girl eventually taken to a ride by a car by Jaha's friend, who is actually the person that Jaha sells the girl as a prostitute, based on the phone conversation while waiting for the car to arrive.
After walking to Central Market, Jaha find Buchek, who can't recognised Jaha at first. Buchek who was waiting for his friend, goes for a drink with Jaha and exchanging stories about each other's after haven't being met for a long time. Jaha invites Buchek to come to his house. Buchek who have to leave with his friends, accept Jaha offers and follow him while his friend going back alone. On his way walking nearby Kotaraya Complex to Pertama Complex to wait for Jaha's friends to come to pick them up, Jaha tell Buchek about his life in about how he always flirting around girls here. Suddenly, after looking at Jaha flirt with a girl who walking by and asking for her phone number, Buchek quickly stopped and seeing a flashback of how Jaha doing that with many other girls. Jaha who noticed that Buchek was standing like seeing a ghost, quickly move back and asking Jaha to walk with him.
After arrived in Pertama Complex, while both guy sits and having conversation, Buchek noticed there's a 2 guys were looking suspiciously and keep watching them from far. Buchek who noticed that, ask Jaha is he rules this place, like having a power in his turf. Jaha answered and tells Buchek if he ever come here and being ignored by Jaha next time, it means that he has some rival looking for him and he doesn't want Buchek to get beat if Jaha seeing talking to Buchek cause the rival will eventually thinks that Buchek is Jaha's friends. After coming inside Pertama Complex for some sightseeing, 2 guys were coming after them and by the time Jaha and Buchek wants to run, the other 2 guy who has already followed them from the outside of the place started to beat them in the back.
Going Back To Jaha's Place, Jaha and Buchek was riding in car with Jaha's friends, Libokbong and after a while, Buchek was asking permission from Jaha to stop in the nearest mosque to pray. Libokbong, who resisted to stop,was scolded by Jaha and forced Libokbong to stop the car after seeing a mosque besides the road. Libokbong laughed at Jaha's attitude to let his friend to go for a pray. Jaha answered back by saying that his believed that even though how bad are we were,we must never stopped people to do a good things like praying.
Before going to Jaha's home, Libokbong mentioned to Jaha about going to his friends house to buy some drugs. Buchek was offered an excessive amount of cough syrup added with Coke by Jaha, but refused as he never took drugs in a whole of his life but finally accepted it after Jaha says he will not drink it if Buchek is not. After that, Buchek asked permission to go a prayer as it was nearly prayer time. Soon, they went back to Jaha's home.
In the early morning, Jaha and Libokbong take Buchek for a ride and tell him it's just for a sightseeing. Jaha then saw a Chinese girl was jogging beside the road. Jaha told Libokbong to move a bit faster and by the time the car was approaching the girl, Jaha commanded to stop the car and got out quickly to grab the girl into the car. Buchek who didn't know about this helped Jaha to take the girl inside the car while grabbing her and keeping her mouth shuts. Libokbong quickly speed up the car but unfortunately along the freeway he noticed that the gas was running out. Jaha instantly told Libokbong to pull over not far from the gas station and buy the petrol using an empty container. While Jaha was holding the girl with Buchek, Jaha told Buchek to hang over as he need to go to the restroom. After seeing that Jaha has gone, Buchek immediately told the girl to run before his friends coming back. He gave the Chinese girl a money for a cab fare and the Chinese girl asked him a phone number if she can meet him again to pay back the money. Buchek who was freak out of what he is doing, quickly writes his phone number. The Chinese girl, Lee Chen Chen, safely rides a cab after being stopped by Buchek in the middle of the freeway. Jaha and Buchek who was coming back after a few minutes later were shocked after Buchek told them that he had to let the girl go cause he don't want to have anything involve in this kidnapping. Soon after riding back to the road, Jaha who was so pissed for Buchek's act, asked Libokbong to stop the car and told Buchek to get out.
Jaha was seen walking in Central Markets after getting his motorcycles out of workshop, a few days after his housemate got into accidents with it. He saw a girl walking toward Central Markets front door and trying to flirt with her. He surprised that the girl was meeting with Buchek, who is his friends, named Che Noor. Buchek, who seems guilty for his act of that day, invites Jaha to have a drink with him and Che Noor.After that meeting, Jaha keeps asking forgiveness to Buchek for taking him into his lifestyle and tells Buchek what a lucky man for him to have such nice and beautiful girlfriend.
Jaha was seen writing a letter, telling Jaha about why actually turned into a bad guy living in this big cities and because he feels that he is more good in telling about him in writing. Buchek, who noticed that Jaha had a feeling with his girlfriend after they three meet together, tried to find a way to match his girlfriend with Jaha, hoping that his best friend can possibly become better person by finding love with a girl that he may be in love. Buchek try to bring Jaha and Che Noor in another meet up, but ended up by Che Noor walking back home after knowing that Buchek was leaving to some place after the three meet at Central Market again.
While watching television, Buchek received a call from the Chen that she helped to run away from being kidnapped by Jaha and Libokbong. Chen asked to meet him. Buchek went and the girl told him that she was thankful for what Buchek did and feels that she was like a princess who was being rescued by a charming prince like a fairy tale story. Buchek feels accepted for Chen's honest friendship and he feels that he must do something to get Jaha together with Che Noor,who Buchek can't accept her love unlike Che Noor who has long admired him.
Jaha, who felt frustrated, couldn't help himself from forgetting about Che Noor. Until one night, while having a drink with his friends, he noticed that some people kept looking at him and his friends on the other table. Jaha who felt disturbed, eyeballed those guys and suddenly stood up and shouted at them. After one guy replies in an impolite way, Jaha quickly confronts the guy and keep beating him. The guy ran away and was chased by Jaha and his friends. Jaha was seen grasping a knife from a nearby fruit stall and stabbed the guy after he managed to reach him. After seeing the guy was about to die, Libokbong told him to run and they all kept running.
Buchek, who believes that love might change his best friend Jaha, keep trying to make Che Noor get together with Jaha and come up with an idea to ask them to watch a Dikir Barat show. While failing to call Jaha when he was about to go to the show, Jaha was actually running from the police who rushed to his neighbourhood to catch him after he was told by Libokbong who gets the alert about the police from his friends. Jaha unfortunately got into accident and dies.
Buchek received a call from Libokbong and was shocked with the news.He quickly told Che Noor how much Jaha was trying to change his life and be with her that he ended up dying looking for a love that he thought he can finally get.
Libokbong met Buchek and gave him a letter which he found inside Jaha's pocket, the same pants that he had worn when he died. Libokbong thought that this letter might be written to Buchek. While reading the letter, Chen was seen smiling at Buchek near him.