Geet

Kamla (Mala Sinha) is a successful stage performer who lives with her widowed father Dindayal (Nasir Hussain) in Delhi. She works in the company owned by Kunver Shamsher Singh (Sujit Kumar), who wants to marry her, but couldn't express his feelings. After a heavy schedule, she wants to take a break and goes to Kulu. There, she becomes interested in a local cattle herder, Sarju (Rajendra Kumar) after listening to his song. They spend time together and Kamla gradually becomes fascinated by him. Before she starts back, Sarju finally proposes her and she gladly accepts. But the question arises regarding their different backgrounds and at last Kamla agrees to come and stay with him in Kulu. She returns to Delhi to finish her committed shows.
There, she informs Kunver about her marriage and retirement, which leaves him devastated. He finally expresses his feelings and asks Kamla to reconsider. Kamla tells him that she can't do anything now, though she sympathizes with him. After some days, Sarju suddenly appears in Delhi along with his sister Janki (Kumkum), asking for work as his sister's engagement was broken. Kamla introduces him to her boss Kunver, who was already quite jealous of Sarju. He tries to disapprove of Sarju's appearance, but approves of him after a makeover. Kamla and Sarju's pair performs stage shows and their records sell in great numbers. They settle Janki's marriage with businessman Ashok and decide to conduct two weddings at the same time.
But her boss, filled with jealousy arranges an accident to kill Sarju. Sarju survives, but can't speak due to a head injury. They conduct Janki's marriage and sends her to her husband's house. Kamla takes care of Sarju and wants to marry him as soon as he gets better. Kunver further plans to separate Kamla and Sarju by killing her father and making Sarju a prime suspect. Seeing Sarju standing with a knife in his hand beside her father's dead body, even Kamla believes that he killed her father due to mental instability. She sends him to his sister's house, but Sarju leaves Janki's house too. He works as a construction worker where his boss listens to him playing a flute and invites him to play on the radio.
Kamla agrees to marry Kunver at last, on one condition, that he shouldn't hand over Sarju to police on charges of murder. But Kunver plans to remove Sarju from the picture, and sends goons to kill Sarju. Sarju escapes and succeeds to find his voice again. He brings police to arrest Kunver and Kamla comes to know the truth; that Kunver was the real killer of her father. Kamla and Sarju reunite and move to Kulu.