Bhai

Bhai (Akkineni Nagarjuna) is the most skilled and trusted enforcer of a Hong Kong-based don named David (Ashish Vidyarthi). David is heavily dependent on Bhai for his day-to-day operations, and this is resented by his sons James (Sonu Sood) and Tony (Ajay). David sends Bhai to Hyderabad to finish off an undercover police officer who is disrupting the mafia operations in the city. In the due course, Bhai bumps into Radhika (Richa Gangopadhyay), a horticulturist who falls in love with Bhai after a few incidents. However, Bhai never accepts her proposal. Bhai begins hunting down the undercover officer and uncovers his identity. The cop is none other than Arjun (Prasanna), and Bhai decides to finish him off. On the day of the trial, Bhai finds out that Arjun is his brother after seeing his father Raghava (Nagineedu) along with Arjun. He drops the plan and tries to walk out from the place, but the visuals of Bhai aiming Arjun with a gun are recorded about which Bhai is not aware of. However, Arjun is attacked by a few disguised armed men and all of them are killed by Arjun. Much to the shock of Bhai, one of the deceased is Tony, who sets out to India on the suggestion of James in order to kill Arjun and gain David's appreciation. David is taken aback after realizing the truth and is hell bent on killing Arjun.
Bhai's associate Munna (Adithya Menon) asks Bhai about his strange behavior at the murder spot. Then he narrates his past to Munna. Bhai aka Vijay is Raghava's son who resides in a village near Warangal. His father is a well-respected man in the village and Venkat Reddy (Jaya Prakash Reddy) is his opponent. Vijay almost used to spend his time with his siblings Arjun and Geetha. The annual fest held at the temple, becomes the bone of contention between Raghava and Venkat Reddy as Raghava is hosting the function and Venkat Reddy is in strict disapproval of the happening of the fest. Venkat Reddy sends his son to set things on fire at the fest. He is found setting fire by Raghava, who locks him in a room. The kid dies due to an unexpected injury caused by Raghava unintentionally which he was not aware of. Vijay takes the blame and is arrested to save his father's goodwill. After he returns from the jail, Vijay ends up bashing Venkat Reddy's men. Raghava is infuriated due to this and he expels Vijay from his house. Vijay reached Hyderabad and the rest of his life till date was all about his work in mafia for David under the name Bhai. Bhai, his henchmen, and Munna try to save Bhai's family from David and James. Firstly Bhai meets Geetha (Zara Shah), now a techie who is going to marry soon her lover Sandeep (Samrat), a US resident. Bhai, after revealing his identity to his sister, comes to her home along with his henchmen as the marriage planners on the request of Geetha to involve as the main person behind her happy marriage. Radhika too joins the team as a florist and Bhai can't avoid her though he wants to.
In the meantime, Bhai bonds with his family members, and his paternal uncle and Geetha are the only people who know about his real identity as Vijay. To Raghava's shock, on the marriage day, Venkat Reddy makes a call to him stating that Sandeep is his foster son and he is not going to attend the marriage as he is house arrested. Bhai comes to Sandeep's rescue and his guts make Venkat Reddy reconcile with Raghava, and the marriage plans are turning successful. To avoid disturbances from David and James, Bhai and Munna get James kidnapped by their henchmen who pose before James as police in mufti. They bash him up, and in a turn of events, James escapes from their custody. While James, along with David, go to the airport to flee back to Hong Kong, the leader of the gang who bashed James is noticed by the duo and after the suicides of that leader and Munna, David comes to know about Bhai's games with them since the murder of Tony. Arjun, after watching the recording of Bhai aiming him, tries to arrest him, but Bhai cleverly manages to escape and attends his sister's wedding as per her wish. After Arjun is suspended and is kidnapped by James, Bhai pretends to be surrendered to the police only to confront them later. He spares them to escape alive from here and goes to Raghava's home with him. Raghava, who came to know about the past by Bhai's paternal uncle, reconciles with him. The film ends with Bhai accepting Radhika's love on the suggestion of Raghava and his family.