A Gentleman

Gaurav Kapoor (Sidharth Malhotra),based in suburban Miami, plans to get hitched to his colleague Kavya (Jacqueline Fernandez), who happens to be the woman of his dreams, but she prefers a man who is more adventurous and risk-loving. Parallel to the same runs the story of clandestine spy Rishi Purohit (Sidharth Malhotra), who is seen to have been trying to extract some crucial substance from the Chinese Embassy in Bangkok. However, when a co-spy, Yakub (Darshan Kumaar), shoots down an innocent civilian, the dishonest move enrages Rishi. Nonetheless, he returns to Mumbai, where it is revealed that he works for Unit X, a spy organisation headed by Colonel Vijay Saxena (Suniel Shetty). Rishi explains to Col. Vijay that he can't continue with such routines, and that he wants to start life afresh. Col. Vijay asks him to perform one last job for him, and this involves spying on a minister who Col. Vijay claims to be corrupted and wants to blackmail, and copying data from his cellphone into a hard drive which is wanted by Col. Vijay. Rishi does save contents into the hard drive, but Col. Vijay, thinking that Rishi is useless, instructs Yakub through a text message to kill him. However, Rishi senses the suspicion, and fights off Yakub and other co-spies. Yakub manages to shoot him, but Rishi disappears.
Gaurav, in the meantime, tries to hang out with Kavya on a date, and also meets her parents, who consider getting him married to Kavya. Meanwhile, he is ordered by his boss to visit Mumbai to crack a business consignment. Rewinding to Rishi's life, it is shown that he is intercepted by some security officers, one of whom happens to be a man named Gaurav Kapoor, who works in a cyber firm in Mumbai, and has important data about the minister's connections. Rishi decides to move away, and impersonates Gaurav, who has been killed in an accident. A chain of events soon ends up revealing that Gaurav is in fact Rishi himself, and that he switched to Gaurav's identity to live a peaceful life and have a decent yet beautiful family.
Gaurav is soon attacked by some goons who happen to be potential sleeper agents for Unit X, and hides the body of one of them in his car, which is noticed by his friend Dixit, who tries to bail him out of the trouble that ensues. Finally, Yakub and other Unit X agents track Gaurav down, and confront him, where he finally confesses, as Rishi, that he needed a life, but he is knocked down unconscious, and soon finds himself tied to the floor with Kavya. However, Gaurav uses his skills to evict Kavya from the trouble, and succeeds eventually, but ultimately ends up confessing to her that he is a retired spy officer. Kavya berates him, but takes pity on him when she notices blood wounds over his stomach. The two share a kiss and soon find themselves under fire after Unit X agents, headed by Yakub, raid the hotel they are staying in. Rishi hatches a quick scheme to retrieve the data, since the hard drive is damaged, and convinces Yakub that it would be their very last mission.
Rishi executes the heist with success, but security officers take notice of it all and begin chasing Rishi, and Yakub backfires on him by aborting the operation. They meet at Rishi's House, where Rishi kills most of Yakub's henchmen with the help of Kavya. However, Rishi spares Yakub and two of his thugs and orders him to leave in his car. Yakub soon realizes that the hard drive Rishi sent is void, and the car dickey contains the corpse of Koko, the henchman sent earlier by Jignesh to kidnap Rishi. They end up being confronted by local Police after an overspeeding Dixit wrecks their car in a side collision, whereupon they discover the corpse and Yakub and his thugs are killed by the cops as they open fire. Col. Vijay raids his hideout, but is killed in a premeditated explosion planned by Rishi. This renders Unit X futile, and Rishi and Kavya soon head on as Hemant and Pooja Khanna, a rank couple whose passports are stolen by Rishi.
A mid-credit scene shows Gaurav's friend, Dixit, buying some machine guns from a local gun store in Miami, before putting on a hoodie and walking away.