Silambarasan, Jyothika, Sindhu Tolani

Madhan Kumar (Silambarasan) is a well-respected and well-educated Chartered Accountant by profession, who lives in Chennai and also learns music as part-time in a musical college. Mythili (Jyothika) also learns music from the same college. Mythili gets scared seeing Madhan because once she had a dream of getting raped by Madhan. Later on, she realizes Madhan’s kind nature and they both become good friends.
But Madhan also has another side under the pseudonym Manmadhan, in which he finds and kills morally incorrect girls in Chennai. He takes the dead bodies of those girls to drainage and burns them to ashes and stores it in bottles with the names of the girls pasted over the bottle. Media attention turns towards the case of missing girls and Chennai Assistant Commissioner of Police, Deva (Atul Kulkarni) takes the charge to find the person behind the mystery.
One day, Mythili finds Madhan riding a bike with a girl at the pillion. On the next day, Mythili gets shocked to see the news that the girl whom she spotted with Madhan the previous day goes missing. Mythili thinks that Madhan is behind all the crimes in the city and informs Deva about Madhan and his whereabouts. Hence Madhan gets arrested.
During the investigation, Madhan reveals that it was his younger brother Madhan Raj (also Silambarasan) who was responsible for destroying the incorrect girls under the pseudonym Manmadhan. The story then moves to a flashback where Madhan Raj and Madhan Kumar were affectionate with each other. They lived with their Maternal Uncle Puncture Pandiyan (Goundamani). While Madhan Kumar was brave and intelligent, Madhan Raj was an innocent and sentimental person who went to Coimbatore in to join in an engineering college. There he got mingled with a friend named Bobby (Santhanam). He fell in love with his collegemate Vaishnavi (Sindhu Tolani). Vaishnavi also reciprocated her love for Madhan Raj seeing his good nature. But Madhan Raj’s friends informed him that Vaishnavi was having an illicit affair with her relative Seenu who also studied in the same class. When Madhan Raj asked about this to Vaishnavi, she got angry thinking that Madhan Raj did not trust her.
Madhan Raj realized his mistake and went to Vaishnavi’s house to apologize but got shocked to see her on a bed with Seenu. Now he realized that his friends were correct. He also heard Vaishnavi’s conversation with Seenu that she pretended to love Madhan Raj but would like to marry him, so that she could take advantage of his innocence and sincere love which would help her lead a life the way she wanted and Madhan Raj would be like a slave for her throughout her life. Madhan Raj got furious on seeing this and killed both Vaishnavi and Seenu. He returned to Chennai for meeting his brother Madhan Kumar and narrated the whole happenings. Madhan Raj set out in search of girls cheating in the name of love to kill them. Hence the flashback ends here.
Back to the present, the police investigate about Madhan Raj and get all evidence about his existence. Madhan Kumar, with the help of his uncle Puncture Pandiyan, is released from the case. Now Mythili apologizes to Madhan Kumar and also proposes her love towards him which he rejects saying that he does not love her and mingled with her as a best friend. Mythili leaves the place saying that she will wait for Madhan Kumar believing he will accept her love someday.
The story again moves to a flashback where it is shown only to the audience that it was Madhan Kumar, who was none other than Manmadhan and he was really behind all the murders and Madhan Raj didn't have any links with the murders as he was innocent. In the flashback, Madhan Raj met his brother, informed about the happenings and committed suicide. Madhan Kumar hence decided to take revenge for his brother’s death by killing girls who cheat in the name of love, under the pseudonym Manmadhan. Kumar has hidden his brother Raj's death thereby making him be absconding so that he could escape in the case of being caught. The movie ends showing that Madhan Kumar has hidden his love towards Mythili and spared her as she was very good and innocent. He also exclaims that if his brother loved a girl like her, he would also be lived happily and he would be married her. Hence Madhan Kumar will not marry Mythili because he will still proceed to kill such incorrect girls.