Secret Nation

The film opens with the death of the elderly and wealthy Leo Cryptus (Denys Ferry), the Chief Returning Officer for the 1948 confederation referenda. The film then shifts to Montreal, introducing Frieda Vokey, a graduate student of McGill University completing her history thesis on confederation titled “the decline of the sovereign Newfoundland state”. After academic advisors in Montreal tell Frieda that her thesis is a “joke” she then returns to her hometown of St. John’s, Newfoundland.
Frieda is greeted by her mother, Oona (Mary Walsh), with whom she strikes up a womanly conversation. Upon arrival to her home, Frieda is welcomed by her brother Chris (Rick Mercer) and Frieda begins a heated discussion with her father, Lester, a private advisor to Premier Valentine Aylward (Andy Jones) about seeing Joey Smallwood (Kevin Noble) before his death.
While paying her respects for the Cryptus family, Frieda is introduced to Michael Cryptus (Géza Kovács), son of Leo Cryptus. Frieda is then warned by Dr. Furey (Brian Hennessey) that Newfoundland is not the best place to study Newfoundland history because the people here are still very involved with Newfoundland history.
Frieda intends on meeting a local Newfoundland journalist, Daniel Maddox (Ron Hynes), about discussing her thesis paper. Upon this meeting, Dan suggests that Frieda come to his home for dinner and further discussion of her thesis. Following dinner, Frieda stays later than expected, sneaking into Dan’s office finding classified information regarding records of cheques sent to the British that were declined, and also letters sent to Dan declining his request for more information about the apparent conspiracy surrounding Newfoundland’s joining of confederation. Dan then awakens to find Frieda has left his home, but his belongings have been searched. Both Frieda and Dan are later involved in an interview over the radio, in which Frieda discusses her findings discovered in Dan’s office. Frieda continues her investigation, after the interview, meeting with Michael, believing he has the information she is looking for regarding his father and the confederation conspiracy. Michael informs Frieda he knows nothing of this and becomes worried that his father was a political monster.
Frieda’s father later decides to help bringing her to an archive containing information on confederation. Frieda questions her father about British spies who helped the apparent scam. Her father states that he has no knowledge on that situation. Frieda then meets with Mr. Joey Smallwood at the hospital, she extensively questions him but he is not willing to speak to her because of his illness.
While attending a benefit banquet, Frieda’s brother Chris steals the keys from a key holder for the public record office containing secret and potentially damaging files about confederation. Chris gives the keys to Frieda. She then leaves the banquet, sneaks into the office and begins investigating the files. She finds cheque receipts issued to her father, Lester. Two men, along with the key holder, Doris (Mary Lewis), and Dan arrive at the building requesting to see the files because they believe the files are being tampered with. Frieda hears footsteps coming and escapes unnoticed.
While on her way home, Premier Valentine presents Frieda with more files. When she arrives home she confronts her father about the issued cheques, where he shows her the un-cashed cheques, and admits to working with the British in helping the confederation cause. The film ends with the voice of Leo Cryptus discussing how the votes were a majority for confederation, after three people including him had recently stated otherwise.