Fong Sai-yuk II

Fong Sai-yuk and his wife, Ting-ting, are now full-fledged members of the Red Flower Society, which is led by Fong's godfather, Chan Ka-lok, who intends to groom Fong to become his successor. Chan's deputy, the ruthless Yu Chun-hoi, stands in Fong's way and tries to harm him. The society's members are unaware that Chan is actually the younger brother of the Qianlong Emperor, and might renounce their loyalty to him if they discover his true identity. Meanwhile, some Japanese rōnin find evidence of Chan's background and attempt to pass it to the Qianlong Emperor.
Chan sends Fong to intercept the rōnin and retrieve the evidence, but Fong is distracted by a damsel in distress and focuses on rescuing her instead. At a critical moment, when Fong is almost killed by the rōnin, his mother, Miu Tsui-fa, shows up and saves him. Despite so, the rōnin get away and pass the evidence to Suen Si-ngai, the Viceroy of Guangdong province. The woman whom Fong rescued earlier is Suen On-yee, the viceroy's daughter. Chan plans for Fong to enter a martial arts contest to win On-yee's hand in marriage and use the opportunity to steal the evidence from the viceroy. On-yee has already fallen in love with Fong and marries him for real, much to Ting-ting's unhappiness. However, the viceroy is aware of Fong's true intention so he sets a trap for Fong. On-yee manages to persuade her father to release Fong by threatening to commit suicide.
Fong returns to the Red Flower Society and admits that he has failed in his mission. Since he had made a promise earlier that he will permanently disable himself if he fails the mission, Yu Chun-hoi forces Chan to abide by the agreement so Chan cripples Fong, rendering him unable to practise martial arts again. While Fong recovers, Yu incites the society's members to turn against Chan and seizes the leadership position. Yu then sends his men to kill Fong in order to silence him. Fong manages to escape but his mother is captured by Yu. To save his mother, Fong returns and fights his way through, blindfolding himself so that he will not see his former fellows spilling blood. It turns out that Chan had actually pretended to disable Fong. Fong confronts Yu, kills him after an intense fight. He saves his godfather from prison and restores him to the leadership position. By the end of the film, Fong's two wives have come to terms with each other, such that they can talk and behave in absolute unison. Fong decides to retire from the martial artists' community and spend the rest of his life with his family.