Janatha Garage

Sathyam (Mohanlal) is a small workshop owner in a village. His brother, Shiva (Rahman) works in Hyderabad and opens a workshop for Sathyam there. The brothers and their faithful allies run the garage happily as Janatha Garage.
One day, a poor man, who is a friend of Sathyam, loses his college-going daughter in a road accident. Sathyam and his friends get to know that she was raped and killed by some goons. They ask Shiva's friend ASP Chandrashekar's (Saikumar Pudipeddi) help, but he is helpless as there is no proper evidence against them and also they are highly influential. Then Janatha Garage a self-appointed group of citizens led by Sathyam who undertake law enforcement by killing the goons and make it look like an accident. Chandrasekhar becomes aware of this and warns against taking law in their hands as he is worried about the consequences.
Janatha Garage becomes popular among the local people as they believe that they'll get justice from them. Shiva gets married to a Mumbai-based guy Suresh's (Suresh) sister and they have a son Anand. One day Mukesh (Sachin Khedekar), a powerful business magnet with lot of criminal dealings and who was also the brother of a goon who was killed by Sathyam, visits and warns him. A few days later, Shiva and his wife get ambushed by Mukesh's men and both are killed. Sathyam, fearing for Anand's safety, asks Suresh to take him away from Janatha Garage.
As the years pass, Anand (N. T. Rama Rao Jr.) grows up as an environmental science graduate and activist in Mumbai who is against any activity which can harm the environment. Suresh's daughter Bujji (Samantha Ruth Prabhu) and Anand are in love with each other, and her parents are happy with that. Anand also befriends a girl, Anu (Nithya Menen), whom he scolds for using firecrackers. Anu falls for Anand but she won't express it to him because she knew that Anand is in love with Bujji. He gets into some fight with a powerful MLA and fearing for his safety, Suresh sends him to Hyderabad under the pretext of a university exchange program. There he meets Sathyam's arrogant son Raghava (Unni Mukundan), who got married to Mukesh's daughter without his parents' approval. Sathyam meets with an accident which was planned by Mukesh but recovers. Janatha Garage is now not active solving the problems of the common men as Sathyam and his allies are getting old. Anand fights off Raghava's thugs regarding an illegal mining field. Sathyam meets with Anand and both develop a mutual respect for each other without knowing that they are uncle and nephew. Sathyam asks Anand to take over Janatha Garage. Anand quickly becomes a family member of the house. They save a strict government officer (Rajiv Kanakala), from some of Mukesh's men. Janatha Garage becomes popular among the public once again.
Chandrashekar, now the Commissioner of Police, finds out about Anand and brings Suresh and his family. Sathyam and others are shocked to know that Anand is his late brother's son. Suresh, who is bothered about Bujji's safety, asks Anand to choose either his daughter or Janatha Garage. Anand, with a heavy heart, chooses to stay with his father's family, and he and Bujji say goodbye tearfully. She gets married to a boy of her parents' choice. Meanwhile, Raghava and his wife leave Sathyam's house because of their uncultured lifestyle, creating a ruckus with Anand and the family. In order to overthrow the government, Mukesh and Raghava plan and execute a bomb blast in Hyderabad. Bose (Ajay), one of Sathyam's closest friends, loses his loved one in the blast. The next day, Bose's body is found in the railway track, with reports siting he committed suicide out of depression. The police chief asks Chandrasekhar to close the case. He comes to Janatha Garage for help. Anand finds out that Bose was killed by Raghava as Bose had found that it was Raghava who planned the blasts. Sathyam decides that even though Raghava is his son, he doesn't deserve to live.
Anand and others from Janatha Garage beat up Mukesh's men in their hideout. Anand kills Mukesh and Raghava pleads for mercy. Sathyam arrives and kills Raghava without remorse. Later, on the occasion of Diwali, Anand, despite being requested to stay at home for the festivities by Padma, goes to help someone with Sathyam's approval while Anu, who is Chandrashekar's daughter and now Anand's wife, smiles at him.