Manase Mounama

The film opens with three final-year medical students Arun (Ravikanth), Tamilarasan (Raju Prashanth) and Kavitha (Sanya). Arun is a hard-working student while Tamilarasan is a spoilt-brat who spends his time teasing the other college students. One day, Kavitha (Sanya) proposes her love to Arun but he rejects her stating that he doesn't believe in love.
As it does every year, the college principal announces the candidates for the college chairman election. Tamilarasan, who has been the chairman for two years in a row, and to everyone's surprise, the exemplary student Arun are selected for the election. Arun is not interested in becoming the college chairman, so he decides to withdraw from the election. In the meantime, Tamilarasan's father Aadhi (Rajan P. Dev), a corrupt politician, wants his son to win the election so he sends the rowdy Dhana (S. T. Tamilarasan) to threaten Arun. Dhana then advices Arun to withdraw from the election. Arun, who was about to withdraw his nomination, changes his mind after Dhana's threatening.
Arun finally wins the election by a large margin, thanks to Kavitha's hard-work. Tamilarasan then insults Dhana for failing to accomplish his mission and orders him to kill Arun. Dhana attempts to kill Arun, but during the fight, Dhana is struck by a lorry and is seriously wounded. Arun takes him to the hospital. Few days later, Dhana is discharged from hospital and Arun advices Dhana to become a good person.
Aadhi feels that Dhana has changed a lot, so Aadhi attempts to send Dhana in jail for a murder that he did not commit. At court, Arun testifies in favour of Dhana and he is acquitted by the court. Later, Dhana eventually becomes part of Arun's family. Arun finally accepts to get married with Kavitha. When Arun's family and Kavitha's family meet each other, Kavitha's sister Gowri (Devadarshini) beats up Dhana. Later, Gowri tells Kavitha that Dhana killed her lover in the past and begs her sister to not marry Arun. Kavitha then refuses to marry Arun. Meanwhile, Aadhi is mad with rage to see Arun still alive and Dhana becoming a good man, Aadhi want to kill them at all costs. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.