Lingaa

A dam in the village of Solaiyur, which is the lifeline of that village is under assessment for structural integrity by the Public Works Department. The dam inspector (Ponvannan) assesses that the dam is still strong 75 years after it was built. Later that evening, he is hanged to death by the corrupt local MP Nagabhushan (Jagapathi Babu), who wants the dam destroyed for his own benefit. The dying dam inspector throws a pen drive containing details about the proposed plan to destroy the dam into an abandoned Shiva temple near the dam and warns the village head Karunakara (K. Viswanath) that the temple has to be opened as soon as possible, after which he passes away. Karunakara and the villagers are of the opinion that the temple can only be opened by the descendant of Raja Lingeswaran (Rajnikanth), who built the dam as well as the Shiva temple. Lakshmi (Anushka Shetty), the granddaughter of Karunakara and a television journalist, goes on a search to find the Raja's descendant. She soon manages to find the descendant, whose name is Lingeswaran aka Lingaa (Rajnikanth). Lingaa is the grandson of Raja Lingeswaran, but is a petty thief with his family having now fallen on hard times. He holds a grudge against his grandfather, feeling that he had brought down his family into poverty by squandering all his wealth and hence refuses to go with Lakshmi to Solaiyur. However, Lakshmi implicates Lingaa in a robbery, as a result of which the police pursue Lingaa. Lingaa is forced to accept Lakshmi's invitation to avoid getting caught and travels with her to Solaiyur.
At Solaiyur, Lingaa finds out that the Lingam installed at the Shiva temple is made of Maragatham stone (Emerald), which is extremely valuable, so at midnight, he enters the Shiva temple with the intention to steal the Lingam. But he is noticed by one of the dam's security guards, who immediately alerts all the villagers including Lakshmi, Karunakara and Nagabhushan, to the temple courtyard. Aware of the villagers' presence, Lingaa pretends to perform pooja to the Lingam. This fools the villagers, who find it auspicious that the grandson of Raja Lingeswaran is performing pooja to the Shiva Lingam installed at the temple built by the Raja at on the occasion of Maha Shivaratri. Karunakara then tells everyone present, including Lingaa, the story of Raja Lingeswaran.
Raja Lingeswaran, the very rich ruler of the erstwhile princely state of Kodiyur, best civil engineer from Cambridge and a civil services officer. He becomes the collector of Madurai district, and arrives at Solaiyur village. There the people tell him that they have no water for 9 months per year, and the other 3 months they have heavy rainfall and floods. They are unable to store water and the resulting famines cause hundreds of deaths every year. Though the collector applies to construct a dam, his plan is rejected in the annual collectors' meeting and he is forced to approve a new railroad from Tuticorin to Kochi through Madurai for goods. He refuses to do so and is blackmailed that he will be fired. He immediately resigns his job and exits.
Later the scene shifts to a palace, wherein all the British and Indian guests arrive in the background of a birthday party given by the erstwhile Maharaja of Kodiyur. It is later revealed that, the Maharaja is none other than Lingeshwaran (rajinikanth). In the context of hospitality, the Maharaja lets slip that he resigned his post of Collector in order to serve the people of his native. When inquired about it, he expresses his wish to construct a dam at Solaiyur, with his own money and man power, claiming all he needed was only a signature in the form of permission from the British Government. The Governor approves it (after a discreet conversation with his lieutenants, plotting to gain something out of it), gives permission along with a signed order the next day. Though he faces multiple difficulties, the dam is constructed with the help of local man power from the Solaiyur village. It is shown that the Solaiyur village people are very co-operative with Raja Lingeshwaran and work with him cordially, except for small feud and near stoppage of work due to a caste remark ignited by Sambandam (R. Sundarrajan), who is later understood to be a spy for the British Collector. Finally, the dam is almost completed except for the shaft doors. The doors are being held in custody by the new collector as stolen goods and the floods are soon to occur. Raja Lingeshwaran negotiates with the new collector who proposes that the king gives him all his property (100% of the entire yield) as bribe and all credit of constructing the dam goes to him and British government. The king with whole heart does so. Apart from that, he sells his Palace, gold and silver and other lands he possesses to gain back the land grabbed by the new collector. Sambandam plays a trick here by bringing the villagers to the palace at the same time when Raja gives away his property documents, gold and silver, and makes them believe that, the Raja is a spy of the British. The dam is fully constructed in 1939 at Solaiyur to solve the water problems of that village. The British lie to the villagers that the Raja was a British spy who would hand over the dam and all the villagers' lands to the British once the dam was completed. However, the freedom fighter, Kavi barathi (Radha ravi) and another set of few people believe that, the raja is really innocent. The irate villagers throw the Raja out of Solaiyur. The Raja boards a train with Sami Pillai, and Barathi, who joins him apart from his foreboding. Truth comes out in the form of the Collector's wife when she confronts the villagers when they come to meet him for taking back the land which was taken. She reveals that the agreement signed by Raja Lingeshwaran was almost burned by the Collector's assistant and she in time retrieved it and shows them the document, there by revealing the true identity of the Collector. Later, the villagers realize Sambandam's double play and chase him. unable to face the villagers and due to his own guilt, he jumps off the dam wall and drowns in the reservoir. After a long search, the villagers find the Raja and his wife Bharathi (Sonakshi Sinha), but living in poverty. After unsuccessfully trying to convince the Raja to return to Solaiyur, the villagers decided to keep the Shiva temple which was built along with the dam, closed until the Raja or his descendants returned to the village. Lingaa, on hearing the Raja's story, changes his opinion about his grandfather and decides to mend his ways.
Story unfolds again when Lingaa decides to leave the village. He is stopped by the Chief (K. Viswanath), asking to stay behind, as he feels something bad is about to happen to the village, as it almost happened 70 years back. It is revealed that the honest Dam inspector (Ponvannan) was killed by MP and the new inspector (Jayaprakash) would be inspecting the dam for a name sake, thereby drilling holes in the dam, to be filled with explosives later by MP's personnel. Finally, the same is revealed to the entire village and broadcast to all Government offices the plot by MP, which was secretly shot by Lakshmi. After an ensuing fight, Lingaa makes the bomb to explode in the water, instead on the dam and the movie ends with Lingaa and Lakshmi, who are now in love with each other, leaving Solaiyur, with Lingaa deciding to return once he has done something good in life like his grandfather.