Dushyanth Ramkumar, Shubha Poonja, Pasupathy

Karthik (Dushyanth) is a rich spoiled brat from Mumbai, he likes to spend time drinking alcohol in pubs and going night-clubbing. His father Mohanram (Bhanu Chander), tired of seeing his son drunk every night, forces him to enrol in a medical college in Coimbatore. In Coimbatore, far from changing his behaviour, Karthik rags the college students. Then he meets four of his classmates : Pandi (S. R. Prakash), Babu (Sathish), Vasu (Ranjan) and Moses (V. Sankar) who come from middle class families. The four think that they are now friends with Karthik but he makes sure that they are not friends, the haughty Karthik even makes fun of their looks and social status.
One night, the carefree Karthik, who was really drunk, is struck by a lorry. Covered with blood and lying on the road, Karthik asks for help but no one would help him, one person even stole his gold chain and purse. Then the four friends take him to the nearby hospital, pay the hospital fees for him and take care of him until he recovers. Karthik then realizes his mistakes, he changes his attitude and they becomes close friends. In the meantime, Karthik falls in love with the bubbly Rakshita. Thereafter, Rakshita invites him and his friend to the restaurant. At the restaurant, the four friends get into a fight with Govind (Cool Suresh) who teased Karthik. The same night, Kathik's friend are kidnapped by Govind and beaten up, then Karthik come to their rescue and saves them. During the fight, the Govind's face is disfigured by acid.
Govind is none other than the only son of Narayanan. Narayanan (Pasupathy), who was a beggar 25 years back, is now the most powerful politician of Coimbatore. He wants to become the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu at any cost, and also wants that people respect him, praise him or at least fear him. Mad with rage to see his son in this condition, Narayanan sends his henchmen to kill the five friends but Karthik beats them up with ease. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.