The Lineup

An international drug-smuggling racket plants heroin on unsuspecting American tourists traveling in Asia, so that the dope can pass through customs undetected. Two psychopathic killers, Dancer (Eli Wallach) and Julian (Robert Keith), and their driver McLain (Richard Jaeckel) then collect the contraband, murdering several people along the way. Lt. Ben Guthrie (Warner Anderson) leads the police hunt for the criminals.
The head of the heroin ring is a person known only as "The Man" (Vaughn Taylor)
The story begins when an American tourist disembarking in San Francisco from a cruise ship returning from China has his bag stolen by a cabbie. As the cabbie takes off at high speed, he strikes and kills a police officer. The cab later crashes and the cabbie is killed. A police investigation discloses that the cab driver is a heroin addict, and attention is drawn to a heroin smuggling ring.
Dancer and Julian have instructions to retrieve the heroin from the unsuspecting tourists and deliver it to a drop point at Sutro's Museum (a real San Francisco location until it burned down in 1966) where the bag containing the heroin is to be left inside an antique ship's binnacle. Dancer and Julian are instructed by their contact, Staples, that they must make the drop and be gone before 4:05 PM. But when it turns out that two of the tourists -- Dorothy Bradshaw and her young daughter, Cynthia -- had unknowingly disposed of the heroin, Dancer and Julian are in a bind: if they drop off the bag with a large portion of the heroin missing, their lives may be in danger. Dancer and Julian decide that instead of leaving the bag and departing the premises by 4:05, Dancer will stay, meet The Man and explain why the shipment is short. Dancer and Julian also kidnap Dorothy and Cynthia and bring them to Sutro's so they can back up the story.
But when Dancer meets The Man and explains himself, The Man has an unexpected reaction: he tells Dancer that "nobody ever sees me," and that because Dancer has seen him, "you're dead." The Man slaps Dancer across the face with the bag and Dancer, enraged, pushes The Man off a balcony, killing him.
Meanwhile the San Francisco police have spotted the getaway car with Julian, McLain, and the kidnapped Dorothy and Cynthia. When Dancer exits Sutro's, a high speed car chase ensues, filmed in the area of The Embarcadero. When the car becomes trapped at a barrier on the freeway which was under construction, there is a shootout between Dancer and the police.