Lady Bird

Christine "Lady Bird" McPherson is a senior student at a Catholic high school in Sacramento in 2002. She longs to attend an Ivy League college in "a city with culture". Her family is struggling financially, and her mother tells her that Lady Bird is ungrateful for what she has.
Lady Bird and her best friend Julie join their school theater program, where Lady Bird meets Danny O'Neill. She and Danny develop a romantic relationship, and, to her mother's disappointment, Lady Bird joins Danny's wealthy family for Thanksgiving dinner. Their relationship ends when Lady Bird discovers Danny kissing a boy in a bathroom stall.
At the behest of her mother, Lady Bird takes a job at a coffee shop, where she meets Kyle, a young musician she recognizes from a show the previous semester. They begin dating. One of the popular girls at the school, Jenna, is reprimanded by Sister Sarah, a teacher, for wearing a short skirt, and Lady Bird suggests that she and Jenna bond by vandalizing the nun's car. As Lady Bird grows closer to Kyle and Jenna, she gradually deserts Julie.
Lady Bird drops out of the theater program. At the coffee shop, she consoles Danny after he expresses his struggle in coming out, and they become friends again. After Kyle tells Lady Bird he is a virgin, she loses her virginity to him, but he later denies having said it. This leaves her unfulfilled, and contributes to their breakup.
Jenna surprises Lady Bird by looking for her at Danny's grandmother's house, which, to appear wealthy, Lady Bird had told her was her house. Lady Bird admits to the lie, and Jenna agrees to forgive her because of Kyle, but makes it clear that they are no longer friends. Lady Bird discovers that her father has lost his job and that he has been battling depression for most of his life.
Lady Bird begins applying to East Coast colleges despite her mother's insistence that the family cannot afford it. She is accepted into UC Davis, but is upset because she feels it is too close to home. Soon thereafter, she is elated to discover that she has been placed on the wait list for a New York college, but, fearing her response, does not share the news with her mother. Lady Bird sets out for her high school prom with Kyle, Jenna, and Jenna’s boyfriend, but the four decide to go to a house party instead. Lady Bird changes her mind during the car ride and asks them to drop her off at Julie's apartment, where the two rekindle their friendship and go to prom together.
After Lady Bird's graduation, Danny accidentally reveals to Lady Bird's mother that she has been wait-listed, and her mother stops talking to her for the rest of the summer. On her 18th birthday, Lady Bird's father shares a cupcake with her. To celebrate reaching legal adulthood, Lady Bird buys a pack of cigarettes, a scratch-off ticket, and an issue of Playgirl magazine. She passes her driving test, and redecorates her bedroom. Lady Bird learns she has been accepted by the New York college, and can afford the tuition with financial aid and her father's help. Her parents take her to the airport, but her mother refuses to go inside to say goodbye. She quickly has a change of heart and drives back, only to discover Lady Bird's flight has already left.
In New York, Lady Bird finds thoughtful letters written by her mother and salvaged by her father, and begins using her birth name again. She is hospitalized after drinking heavily at a party. After leaving the hospital, she attends a Catholic mass, then calls home and leaves an apologetic voicemail message for her mother.