Wrecked

A man, referred to in the movie only as "Man" (Adrien Brody), wakes up, severely injured, in a wrecked car in the bottom of a ravine with his right leg stuck between the dashboard and the door. He has a broken leg and is suffering from amnesia. Two other passengers are dead nearby. He hallucinates about a woman (Caroline Dhavernas) finding him. He also drives away a cougar after giving two warning shots from a revolver he retrieved inside the car. While in the car, he hears on the car radio about an armed robbery by a man named Raymond Plazzy. Finding a credit card under the passenger seat in the name of Raymond Plazzy, The Man assumes that he is Raymond Plazzy and that he committed the robbery. After a few days of being stuck in that position, he manages to escape the car by prying out the car door with a shifter lever.
In the trunk of the car, he finds bags of money. He starts to crawl up the hill away from the car. A man (Adrian Holmes) wearing hunting gear emerges from the woods and starts to loot the wrecked car. The Man tries to stop the hunter, who just aims his gun at him before he runs away with some of the stolen money. A dog appears, and The Man follows it into the woods. He finds a working cell phone inside a cave, discovering the tragic fate of the hunter who was possibly attacked by the cougar. The Man cannot obtain a signal in the woods.
Frequently hallucinating about the woman, he finally shoots her with the revolver after realizing the hallucination led him back to the car. He then decides to get out of the ravine. After crawling for days, he finds a road and a dead body with a driver's license that says Raymond Plazzy. He then pieces together what happened to him: He was running errands with his wife (the Woman) when he witnessed an armed robbery and was taken hostage by Plazzy. Plazzy, the man, and his two fellow robbers were driving down the road, arguing about the situation; and he used the moment to grab the wheel, causing the car to crash. Suddenly, the cougar appears; the man gives the dead body to the cougar to eat. The man now has a cell phone signal and calls for help.
The man is picked up by a forest ranger. When getting in the truck, he asks about the dog but it's nowhere to be seen. When he clicks his seat belt, he remembers doing it[clarification needed] before causing the crash as the scene blacks out.