Kannedhirey Thondrinal

Vasanth (Prashanth), a rich guy meets a girl (Simran) in Coimbatore railway station while travelling to Chennai to join engineering and it is love at first sight for Vasanth. Shankar (Karan) also studies in same college where Vasanth joins and initially both Vasanth and Shankar develop clashes. Priya (Simran) is the sister of Shankar and without knowing that Vasanth meets Priya on a few more situations in Chennai and conveys his love towards her but Priya does not reciprocate and keeps distance with Vasanth.
One day, Vasanth saves Shankar’s life from a few thugs and this makes the two get close to each other. Shankar’s mother Srividya does not like any of Shankar’s friends visiting their home and once insults Vasanth when Shankar has invited Vasanth to his home. Later on Srividya gets to know about Vasanth’s good character and apologizes to him and also invites to their home. Now Vasanth comes to know that Priya is Shankar’s sister and feels bad that he is in love with his best friend’s sister.
But Vasanth’s friend Gopal (Chinni Jayanth) says that there is no harm in it as Vasanth started loving Priya even before he met Shankar. This makes Vasanth to continue his efforts to woo Priya. Priya after a point starts developing affection towards Vasanth realizing his true love for her and also gets attracted by his character. Meanwhile Shankar gets furious while encountering Vignesh on a few more occasions. One day, Shankar informs Vasanth about a problem that had occurred in Shankar’s family a few years back. Shankar has one more sister (Indhu) and she eloped with his then close friend Vignesh on the day of her marriage which made Shankar’s family to abandon her. This made Srividya to avoid bringing Shankar’s friends to their home as Shankar felt betrayed by his close friend.
Now Vasanth feels bad about his love towards Priya and decides not to betray Shankar and his family by disclosing his love towards Priya as he trusts his friendship more than love and starts avoiding Priya. Priya understands that Vasanth keeps distance with her now. Shankar arranges for Priya's wedding but she meets Vasanth and requests him to marry her for which Vasanth refuses as he does not want do the same mistake done by Shankar’s friend before as he values friendship more and decides to leave to Coimbatore. Suddenly Vasanth gets a phone call from Shankar saying that Priya has consumed poison and has been admitted in the hospital. Vasanth rushes to hospital along with his friend Gopal where Gopal tells all the truth to Shankar and his family. Shankar feels proud about Vasanth’s value for friendship and agrees for their marriage.