Bumboo

Professional hitman Mangal Singh takes a contract to kill stock market scammer Manu Gupta in front of the Goa High Court where he is to stand on trial. Mangal Singh plans to do the job from a hotel room which is opposite to the court. Suresh Sudhakar, a press photographer is sent to Goa to cover Manu Gupta's trial and checks-in at the same hotel next to Mangal Singhs room. Sudhakar tries to meet his ex-wife Pinky who is living in Goa. Pinky refuses to meetup or even talk and confers with her new boyfriend Dr D'Souza. Sudhakar threatens Pinky that he might commit suicide, but she does not believe him. A depressed Sudhakar tries to commit suicide by hanging from the bathroom shower but fails. Bellboy Vincent (who is in Mangal Singh's room at that moment) hears the ruckus and opens the connecting-door between Mangal Singh & Sudhakar's room precipitating all characters to interact with each other. Mangal Singh scared that cops might come to the room, assures Vincent that he will take care of Sudhakar. Assured by this promise Vincent leaves Sudhakar in the care of Mangal. Sudhakar in the meanwhile assumes that Mangal is a truly good Samaritan and taking fancy for his friendship does not let Mangal go anywhere or let him do his job. Pinky's boyfriend Dr D'Souza (a psychiatrist) comes to the hotel to counsel Sudhakar not to commit suicide, but ends up meeting Mangal & mistakes him to be Sudhakar and gives him a sedative, preventing him from performing any work. Completely baffled by this turn of events, Mangal forces Sudhakar to call the Dr back who now comes with Pinky and wakes Mangal up but not before Pinky and Sudhakar have a conversation. This distresses the Dr.
Pinky has a major showdown with both Dr D'Souza and Sudhakar and leaves only to return and speak again to Sudhakar and convince him to go away. During the course of the story Manu Gupta's entourage can be seen, travelling from Bombay to Goa in a police van disguised as a milk van with a group of commandos in it.
Manu Gupta finally reaches Goa but before he can be shot by Mangal, tremendous ruckus follows in the room where Mangal, Sudhakar, a cop and others fight it out and end up dangling from the hotel while a shot is accidentally fired from Mangal's gun and hits Manu Gupta's behind. Despite this, Manu Gupta reaches the court and gives his witness account. Mangal Singh retires to an Ashram due to the shock of forced friendship thrust upon him. Sudhakar gets Pinky back.