Back from the Dead

A happy vacation along California's rocky coast for a pregnant Mandy Anthony (Peggie Castle), her husband Dick (Arthur Franz) and her sister Kate Hazelton (Marsha Hunt) is ruined when Mandy has a seizure, loses consciousness and miscarries. Worse, when she awakens, she says that she is "Felicia" and calls Dick "Dickens." A stunned Dick tells an uncomprehending Kate that Felicia was his first wife and Dickens was her pet name for him - and that he's never told Mandy of his first marriage, Dickens or Felicia's death six years earlier!
Felicia demands to visit the Bradleys, an elderly couple whom Dick says that Mandy doesn't know. They're Felicia's parents. She convinces them that she is indeed Felicia, back from the dead. Mrs. Bradley (Helen Wallace) is delighted; Mr. Bradley (James Bell) is horrified. Dick, upset by the reunion, tells Kate that Mrs. Bradley "was a strange, evil woman - Felicia, too" and that he was a fool to not face the truth. Meanwhile, Mr. Bradley says to Mrs. Bradley, "God will punish you for this." Mrs. Bradley contemptuously replies, "You believe in your god. I'll believe in mine."
Dick invites his friends John Mitchell (Don Haggerty) and Molly Prentiss (Evelyn Scott) to the vacation house for cocktails. Afterwards, Felicia tries to gas Kate in her bedroom - Kate survives when Mandy's voice awakens her - then goes outside and kills their dog, Copper, who loved Mandy but hates Felicia.
The next day, Kate is at John's house when neighbor Nancy Cordell (Marianne Stewart) drops by. She casually tells Kate that she and the Bradleys are members of Maître Renault's (Otto Reichow) devil cult, as was Felicia. Kate expresses an interest and Nancy arranges for Kate to meet Renault.
Kate tells Renault that Mrs. Bradley has brought Felicia back. This angers Renault because, he says, Mrs. Bradley went behind his back. After Kate and Nancy leave, Renault gazes lovingly at a photo and murmurs, "Now that you've returned, Felicia, I'll never let you go again." He fails to notice that a jealous Nancy has stayed behind and is watching him.
Mr. Bradley asks Kate to come see him. He tells her that he has left the devil cult and will help her bring Mandy back. But Mrs. Bradley threatens Kate, saying, "There are secret ways of causing pain - pain that will end in death." Kate is quite ill by the time she gets home, but John arrives and his feelings for Kate break Mrs. Bradley's curse.
John tells Kate his secret shame - that he feels responsible for Felicia's death. After a party, he found her hiding in his car. They stopped near the cliffs overlooking the sea and quarreled. Felicia said that she'd kill herself if John didn't submit to her advances. An angry John told her that if she wanted to die, they were in a good place for it. Felicia got out and started backing toward the edge of the cliff. John tried to stop her but she fell to her death on the rocks below.
The Bradley's housekeeper, Agnes (Jeanne Bates), calls Dick in a panic. Dick, Felicia and Kate rush to the Bradley's house, where they find them both dead. Mrs. Bradley had killed Mr. Bradley but then died from a spell cast on her by Renault. Dick and Kate take Felicia home and lock her in her room. But she escapes after convincing Kate that she's really Mandy and then knocking Kate unconscious. Felicia goes to Renault and tells him that they have to act quickly or Mandy will return and reclaim the body they're sharing.
Nancy tells Dick, Kate and John that Renault will sacrifice Molly to keep Felicia alive. They all rush to Renault's to stop him. Dick and John wrestle a knife away from Renault but then Nancy, holding a pistol, yells at them to let Renault go. Nancy leads Renault outside and shoots him. Felicia has a seizure and the others take her home.
When she awakens, she's Mandy again and thinks she's had an odd dream. Kate says that Mandy must never learn the truth about Felicia, while John asks rhetorically, "Will anyone ever?"