Dharm Adhikari

Dharamraj is a crownless king of Nandgaon, which was maintained from his forefathers. Neither a court nor a police station is located in that village. Dharamraj is the only judge and the commissioner of that village. Villagers bow in front of his judgement and accept it as God's judgement, and he also does justice to everybody and doesn't hesitate to give punishment whether he is poor or rich, or whether it's his own relative or his own blood. Everybody is happily living a fearless and peaceful life. They respect and worship Dharamraj as God. But Chowdhry and Shastry of the village are jealous of Dharamraj's popularity. They wait for the opportunity to bring him down from his justice seat and Chowdry is having the dream of occupying it. Dharamraj has a wife called Savitri, a sweet and loveable daughter called Arti and a strong and handsome brother called Prakash. Beautiful Priya and charming Sudha are the daughters of a poor villager. Chowdry has a mischievous son called Chotu. Once because of Chotu's mischiefs Sudha lost her voice. Dharamraj gives the judgement that Chotu should marry dumb Sudha. This makes Chowdry irritated and he becomes the enemy of Dharamraj. Later he comes to know that Dharamraj is maintaining a widow by visiting her and paying money monthly. He opens the affairs of Dharamraj in front of the villagers, but he fails. On one side, Priya and Prakash are loving each other and on another side, Arti and Arun, son of the widow who is maintained by Dharamraj, are also. Chowdry again plays a game and Dharamraj gives the judgement against his daughter that she should marry the same poor villager who lost his eyesight by Arti. Prakash quarrels with Dharamraj and performs the marriage of Arti and Arun. Dharamraj becomes ferocious and asks him to leave the village with Arti and Arun. Savitri goes and performs the pregnancy ceremony of her daughter, on which Dharamraj sends her away from his house. Chowdry and Shastry are very happy on their success. And to end the last scene of their drama, they want to kill Arun and his mother. Prakash comes on the spot and saves them. Dharamraj also joins hands with Prakash. Dharamraj kills Chowdry and hands him over him to the police.