Gandharvam

Sam Alexander (Mohanlal), a fun-loving automobile workshop cum garage owner is more keen in scripting and directing plays than running his business. A theater addict, Sam, along with his friends, Pappu Mesthiri (Jagathi Sreekumar), Mammoonju (Kunjan), and Preman (Premkumar), is now working on Shakuntahlam, the famous play by Kalidas. Gracy Kutty (Kaviyoor Ponnamma), his mother, is worried with his easy-going and careless attitude towards life.
The main actress (Kalpana) who was supposed to play the role of Shakunthala elopes with Krishnan Kutty (Nandu), a fellow artist. Sam is busy searching for a new face to enact Shakunthala. Accidentally, he meets up with Sreedevi Menon (Kanchan), whom he falls in love with. He attempts all methods to woo her and finally she falls in. Sam casts her as Sahkunthala and she unwillingly agrees without the knowledge of her parents.
Sreedevi, daughter of Meledath Vishwanatha Menon, the rich businessman in the city, thus acts in the drama. On the way home, Sam and Sreedevi are caught red-handed by Vishnu Menon (Devan), her brother. Ravindran Nair (Vijayakumar), the I.G. of police and friend of Menon, had plans of getting his son Rajkumar (Kasan Khan) married to Sreedevi, so that he could own up a huge part of the business empire. With the help of Ravindran Nair, Sam is beaten up by police.
Once out of jail, Sam and Sreedevi elope and spend a few days away from the worries. In the meantime, the duo are again caught by Menon. Sam is arrested for kidnapping Sreedevi and is jailed. At jail, he learns that Sreedevi is pregnant with his child but has no way to save the kid.
Upon knowing that Sreedevi is pregnant, she is transferred to a distant place. Once she gives birth to a baby boy, the attitude of Menon and Vishnu changes, and they started looking upon him as their heir.
Sensing danger, Ravindran Nair sends Rajkumar to kidnap and kill the boy. Vishnu realizes the plan of Rajkumar and tries to save his sister and the baby. In the meantime, Sam escapes from jail and reaches the house where Sreedevi stays. She attempts to commit suicide to escape from Kumar but is saved miraculously by Sam, who makes a dramatic entry. He defeats Kumar and saves the child.
Menon and Vishnu happily unite Sam and Sreedevi. Sam happily goes back to jail after seeing Sreedevi and his child one more time.