Tiger Zinda Hai

During a dark night in Iraq, an American journalist types a warning message to CIA before he is slaughtered by some ISC guards. While carrying a rally in Ikrit, ISC leader Abu Usman is shot in the arm by the Iraqi Army and taken to the city hospital. Abu Usman holds hostage of the Indian and Pakistani nurses and makes the hospital as his center. USA decides to launch an airstike at the city to kill Usman. Indian nurse Maria calls the Indian Embassy of Iraq, informing about the incident.
CIA give RAW chairman Shenoy seven days of time to rescue the nurses after which they will hold the airstrike. Shenoy feels that only Tiger would be able to rescue the nurses. Eight years after their escape, Tiger and Zoya are living in Innsbruck, and have a son, Junior. Several days later, Tiger is called by Shenoy. He meets his deputy Karan who informs him about the abduction of nurses. Though Tiger is reluctant at first he sets to carry the mission after Zoya insists.
Tiger travels to Syria. Tiger brings his own gang of RAW members consisting of Azaan, Namit and Rakesh. They reach an oil refinery controlled by Baghdavi but face difficulty after the arrival of Firdauz, who checks the workers. One day, Tiger rescues Hassan, a child who is sent by Usman as a human bomb. That night, Tiger and his gang set fire in the refinery and pretend to get burned so that they are taken to the hospital.
En route they are joined by ISI members Abrar and Javed. Firdauz reveals that he is a secret RAW agent. They go to the hospital while Zoya leaves Tiger to first kill Baghdavi and his troops which she does with the help of some Syrian girls.
At the hospital, Rakesh poisons the food. On the day of the airstrike, Usman's troops are food poisoned. Tiger fights the troops but finds Usman with Zoya which causes him to surrender. Tiger is tortured in a poison chamber but later flees and rescues the nurses. Azaan is shot while fighting. As they escape, Firdauz crashes an oil tanker which kills ISC members.
Tiger stabs and wounds Usman in a fierce encounter and moves to rescue Zoya who insists Tiger to leave her for the verve of Junior. A missile blows the chamber. Tiger dresses everyone in the execution robes for a safe passage out of Ikrit. Javed raises Indian and Pakistani flags above the bus with the nurses keeping Azaan's promise while Firdauz takes Usman to a desert and shoots him.
One year later, Shenoy is called by Tiger from Greece. A flashback shows that Tiger broke the chain and rescued Zoya. Tiger and Zoya have adopted Hassan. Though Tiger goes into hiding once again, he assures Shenoy that he will always be there for his country in trouble.