What Men Talk About

What Men Talk About? Of course, women. But also about work, money, cars, football ... but in general about women. And if they have two days when they escape from their offices and families, to get away from all the cares and commitments – two days, eventful and adventurous – you can be sure that this time they will have time to discuss a lot of things ... And More. From these conversations – we know for sure – many women learn about themselves a lot of new things. Four friends are going to go to Odessa for the concert of a famous Russian band ‘B-2’. Two of them, Alexey and Sasha, have problems in the morning: one can not deal with things around the house, the other – cannot get rid of the annoying customers at work. When, finally, they join their other friends who already left, Camille and Slava, they begin to talk about all sorts of things. Thus, the first day on the road passes. They spend the night in a hotel village ‘Beldyazhki’. The next day, the heroes continue to talk about life, passing through Kiev, where they buy paintings by Tishchenko and at the same time discussing modern art. By the end of the movie 4 men get into a car accident, but still make it in time for the concert. "What Men Talk About" – this is the third, and by far, the best film of the cult theater "Quartet". Four middle-aged friends receive an invitation from their friend in Odessa to come to him for his birthday, and at the same time attend a concert of a famous Russian group "B-2". Each of them, like all of us, has a difficulty with time. One has work, the second – has his wife and children, the third – has both work and family, but still, with great a difficulty, they manage to escape for a few days. They sit in the car and go to the long journey. On the road, they have many adventures, many of which can knock a person out of a rut. But when you have people next to you with whom you can talk about everything, all the hardships of life become insignificant ... And real men are known to have a lot of different topics for discussion. Work, parties, money, music, clubs, and of course – women. If a man is still single, he is concerned about the issue – whether to get married. And married ones concern whether they can cheat on their wife.