Ruby Sparks

Calvin Weir-Fields (Paul Dano) is a young novelist who is struggling to recreate the early success of his first novel and unable to commit to any of his ideas. With his introverted personality and idealistic view of what it means to be in love, Calvin also struggles in finding relationships, feeling most women are only interested in an idolized and preconceived notion of who they believe him to be.
His therapist, Dr. Rosenthal (Elliott Gould), gives him a writing assignment: to write a page about someone who likes his rather uninspiring dog, Scotty. Calvin has a dream in which he meets a strange young woman, who draws a picture of Scotty and says she likes him. Calvin wakes up and is inspired to write about her. In therapy he admits he is falling in love with the character he is writing and tells the therapist all about Ruby Sparks (Zoe Kazan).
Calvin's brother Harry (Chris Messina) and sister-in-law Susie (Toni Trucks) come to visit and Susie finds articles of women's clothing around the house. That night while writing before falling asleep at his typewriter, Calvin writes a passage with Ruby admitting that he is not the kind of guy she usually goes for and yet she is falling in love with him. The next day, Calvin is stunned to find Ruby in his kitchen, an actual living person. Thinking he is going crazy, he calls Harry, who does not believe him and advises him to meet with someone to take his mind off things. Ruby is confused by his behavior and insists on coming along, but he leaves her to shop while he meets Mabel (Alia Shawkat), a young fan of his book who had given him her number. Ruby finds them and believes he is cheating on her. In the ensuing confrontation, Calvin discovers that others can actually see Ruby, proving that she is real and not a figment of his imagination. Calvin explains that he feels overwhelmed, and they break down in love.
Calvin introduces Ruby to Harry, who is incredulous at first and suggests alternate explanations. However, Calvin soon proves that his writing directly affects Ruby. Explaining how he loves her, Calvin asks Harry not to tell anyone of Ruby's origins. Although Harry warns him that women are mysterious creatures and that things may change, Calvin insists that since he wrote her into existence, he knows her and asserts that he will never write about Ruby again.
Months later, Calvin reluctantly takes Ruby to meet his free-spirited mother Gertrude (Annette Bening) and her boyfriend Mort (Antonio Banderas). While Ruby with her much more outgoing personality enjoys the time with his family, introverted Calvin spends the weekend reading by himself, growing jealous of the time she spends with other people as Ruby's happy spirit begins to fade at Calvin's increased gloominess.
After they return to Calvin's, the relationship is tense. Calvin complains of Ruby's singing while she cooks and he reads. Depressed, she and Calvin have a serious talk. Ruby explains how lonely she is and suggests they start spending less time together. Calvin is miserable. Fearful of Ruby's desertion and desperate, he begins to write her story again in which she too is miserable without him. Ruby returns full-time but becomes incredibly clingy, afraid to leave Calvin's side for even a second. Tired of this, Calvin writes that Ruby is "filled with effervescent joy," as a result of which she becomes constantly happy, leaving Calvin morose, him knowing her happiness is artificial.
After talking with Harry about what he has been doing, Calvin intends to write Ruby back to her normal self, but the wording he uses leaves her confused. Ruby fights with Calvin once more and he attempts to cheer her up by taking her along to a party hosted by author Langdon Tharp (Steve Coogan). At the party, Calvin leaves Ruby and talks with people about his still-unfinished manuscript. He also runs into his ex-girlfriend Lila (Deborah Ann Woll), and they have a heated argument in which Lila accuses Calvin of being uninterested in anyone outside of himself. Meanwhile, Langdon finding Ruby alone flirts with her, convincing her to strip to her underwear and join him in the pool. Calvin finds them just as she is stepping into the pool. Furious and humiliated, he drives Ruby home.
At home, Calvin and Ruby fight, with Ruby telling him that he cannot stop her from doing what she wants. As she prepares to leave, Calvin reveals that she is a product of his imagination and that he can indeed control her, and is capable of making her do anything he writes. A growing argument leads to a crazed Calvin demonstrating his power by making Ruby perform a series of ever more frenzied and humiliating acts as the type bars of the typewriter begin to jam in his excitement. Ruby, exhausted, collapses to the floor as Calvin hangs his head in anguish, before gently attempting to approach her. With a sudden burst of frenzied fear, Ruby runs out and locks herself in his room.
Calvin, distraught and ashamed, writes a final page, which states that as soon as Ruby leaves the house she is no longer his creation, no longer subject to his will, and she is free. He leaves the manuscript outside her door with a note telling her to read the last page and that he loves her. The next morning, Calvin finds that the note is gone and Ruby has vanished.
Time passes, and Harry suggests he write a new book about his experiences with Ruby. The novel, The Girlfriend, is a success. While walking with Scotty in the park one day, Calvin sees a woman that appears to be Ruby but she has no recollection of him. She is reading his book, which she says her friend described as pretentious. She also states that Calvin seems familiar, which he deflects by showing her his photo on the book. Embarrassed and laughing she says they ought to start over and that she has'nt finished the book yet but, "Don't ruin the ending for me." To which he replies, "I promise."