Easan

The story begins with a pub dance where girls and boys enjoy themselves to the fullest in a much spoilt way which leads to verbal Eve teasing and results in a girl's death. Sangayya IPS (Samudrakani), assistant commissioner of police of the area, is forced to revoke the case because of Chezhiyan's (Vaibhav Reddy) influence. Chezhiyan with his rich and corrupt father's Deiva Nayagam MLA (A. L. Alagappan),the State minister for Forests and Agri, would bail them out even if he and his friends commit multiple murders. Chezhiyan falls in love with a girl named Reshma, (Aparna) daughter of a karnataka-based businessman (largely inspired from Vijay Mallya). There are some political dramas that happens before the families agree to their marriage. Sangayya has been used in this political drama. He gets furious after learning this, but his hands are tied by the commissioner of police. When Chezhiyan is mysteriously kidnapped and beaten up by an unknown character, Sangayya starts an unofficial investigation upon request of the commisssioner. Sangayya solves the case and comes to know that a XI grade student named Easan is responsible.
Easan has a flash-back sequence. His father was a government employee in their native village, where he and mute sister Poorani (Abhinaya) did school. Once his sister finished her school, they moved to chennai so that she can pursue her fashion technology. Poorani's classmates are all too rich and spoiled. She is taken by one of her classmates to a party, where she is raped by Chezhiyan and his friend Vinoth multiple times. Easan's family, not being able to cope with the incident, commits mass suicide by drinking poisoned coffee. Easan survives since he only drinks a bit. He is rushed to the emergency where Poorani's friend Shyamala visits him and reveals what happened to his sister. Due to the strong affection he has for his sister, he decides to take revenge over the convicts. Easan is a computer tech genius and uses this to change the online prescription of Vinoth , so that he is killed as a medical accident. He has also kidnapped and beaten the hell out of cheziyan. This is revealed to Sangayya by Easan himself, while Deiva Nayagam and his assistant arrive at the scene of investigation and find the dead body of Chezhiyan. The minister and his aide attack sangayya and attempt to kill easan by setting him on fire. Sangayya saves Easan and himself from Deiva Nayagam and his assistant, by shooting and killing them. Easan is finally admitted in a Juvenile Reformatory and is visited by Sangaiyya and his family.