Pannaiyarum Padminiyum

The movie begins with a young man (Attakathi Dinesh) buying a car and he says that his inspiration is from a Pannaiyar (landlord) in his village and his love for a vintage Fiat PAL Premier Padmini car.
Pannaiyar (Jayaprakash) is a wealthy and respectable man in his village. Pannaiyar and his wife Chellamma(Thulasi) are kindhearted and broadminded people who are responsible for introducing essential modern technology like Television, Radio, telephone,etc., to their villagers. The villagers also enjoy the liberty of using all these items with his permission. The couple have a married daughter Suja(Neelima Rani), who is greedy and whenever she visits her parents, she makes it a point to return to her house with whichever device she finds pleasing to her eye.
Pannaiyar visits his close friend Shanmugam(Mahadevan), who owns the then latest (now vintage) Fiat PAL Premier Padmini car. Pannaiyar is smitten by the beauty of the car and becomes an ardent admirer. He enjoys the ride like an excited kid. Soon, Shanmugam also comes to his house and to Pannaiyar's surprise and happiness, says that he will leave the car for a couple of months under Pannaiyar's care since he is going to visit his pregnant daughter. Pannaiyar happily agrees and from then on, he stands in front of car dusting it and admiring it for hours at a time. Since he doesn't know to drive, he appoints a local young man Murugesan (Vijay Sethupathi) as driver and the comical household servant Peedai(Bala Saravanan) as the cleaner. Pannaiyar and Chellamma treat them like their own sons. School going kids often swarm around the car asking for a ride in the front seat and one little boy in particular is very much interested, so Peedai jokingly asks him to bring five rupees to get a front seat ride and the boy starts saving his pocket money sincerely day by day. Like all the other facilities belonging to Pannaiyar, the villagers also get the opportunities to use the car for their emergency purposes. On one such day, when Murugesan is helping a family at a funeral, he comes across a beautiful girl Malarvizhi(Aishwarya Rajesh) among the mourners. He is attracted to her instantly and after a bit of pursuing, she also falls for him and they start to love each other.
As days pass by, Panniyar, Chellamma and Murugesan become more and more attached to the car and are dreading to part with it if at all Shanmugam comes to take it someday. Chellamma is the sensible person out of the three, so she distances herself and on one occasion she refuses to even get in the car and when Pannaiyar asks why, she replies that she will get into the car only on the day when Pannaiyar drives it. So Pannaiyar is determined to learn driving and asks Murugesan to train him. Murugesan fears that he will have no job with the car if Pannaiyar starts driving, so he delays and procrastinates as much as he can. So Pannaiyar's driving progress is very slow. One night, Chellamma requests her husband to learn driving before their wedding anniversary so that they can go to the temple together and he obliges.
Meanwhile, Shanmugam's daughter (Sneha) unexpectedly visits them and says that her dad suddenly died and requests him to give some property documents that her father left under his care. Pannaiyar is shocked to hear about the loss of his friend, at the same time he feels sad to part with the car. But when he is about to hand over the keys and documents, she says that let the car remain with him as a remembrance of her dad and she leaves it behind. Pannaiyar, Chellamma and Murugesan are overjoyed to hear this and gift her with money as a blessing. Now that they are the proud owners of the car, the Pannaiyar family is content and certain heartwarming incidents also change Murugesan's mind and now he wholeheartedly plans to train Pannaiyar to drive. One small accident happens while training and due to rough handling, the car starts to have minor glitches and starting troubles from then on.
One day, Pannaiyar's daughter Suja comes home and when she sees they have bought the car, she fights with her parents and says that a third person like Murugesan is using the car for driving around his girlfriend and demands that she wants to take it to her house. Unable to refuse, Pannaiyar halfheartedly lets her take it, much to the disappointment of Murugesan and Chellamma and Pannaiyar also feels bad that now their wedding anniversary plans are also ruined because of that. But exactly on their wedding day, as the family is preparing to get into a bullock cart to go to the temple, they see an irate Suja coming to their house with the villagers pushing the car back into their house. She says that she and her husband just missed death by inches in an accident because the car suddenly stopped and scolds her father for giving a useless old car. Chellamma steps in and scolds her and Suja storms away angrily leaving the car behind. Murugesan, Pannaiyar and Chellamma dismiss Suja's unnecessary tantrum and are rather pleased that their car is back. They try to start the car but unfortunately it wouldn't start. In utter frustration, Peedai jumps over the car and sits on the bonnet and suddenly it starts.
Finally, as per their earlier plan, Pannaiyar manages to drive successfully and take his wife Chellamma in his own car to the temple on their anniversary. Meanwhile, the little boy who saved money to get a front seat ride sadly leaves out of town for higher studies without his wish being fulfilled. That boy now turns out to be the young man (Attakathi Dinesh) who bought the new car at the beginning of the movie. He visits his hometown and still searches for the car in Pannaiyar's house. He sees Murugesan, Pannaiyar and Peedai using the very same vintage car even now and even using the same method of Peedai jumping over the bonnet to start it. Murugesan is now married to Malarvizhi and has kids. The young man is still awestruck by the car like a kid, and Murugesan asks if he needs a ride to the town. He says yes and finally sits in the front seat of the car, and his longtime wish is fulfilled at last as they drive away.