Sex, Lies, and Videotape

Ann Bishop Mullany lives in Baton Rouge. She is unhappily married to John, a successful lawyer, and they live in a comfortable home. Ann has a personal complaint about intimacy she expresses to her sister: she has never experienced an orgasm. She is in therapy. Graham Dalton is an old close college friend of John. He is now a seeming drifter with some money saved up. Nine years after college Graham returns to visit and perhaps live in Baton Rouge. Graham arrives at John's to meet Ann. Later she learns that John has invited Graham to stay with them until he finds an apartment. When John arrives home, Graham's demeanor becomes remarkably more guarded, due in large part to John's subtle disapproval of Graham's bohemian persona. The men discuss the fact that Graham's college girlfriend, Elizabeth, is still living in Baton Rouge.
John is cheating on Ann with her sister, Cynthia, a free-spirited and friendly bartender. He rationalizes it by blaming Ann's frigidity. John frequently leaves his law office mid-day to meet for trysts with Cynthia, instructing his secretary to reschedule clients, even when they are already in the lobby waiting to see him. Ann ends up helping Graham look for an apartment. After Graham finds a place, Ann makes an impromptu visit to Graham's apartment. While visiting she notices stacks of camcorder videotapes, all with women's names on them around the television. When pressed, Graham explains that he interviews women about their lives, sexual experiences, and fantasies, and records them on videotape. After hearing Graham, Ann is suddenly overcome with shock and confusion, and quickly leaves his apartment.
Within a day, Ann's outgoing sister Cynthia appears uninvited at Graham's apartment and introduces herself. Cynthia presses Graham to explain what incident "spooked" Ann the preceding day. Graham briefly and reluctantly explains the sexual interview videotapes, and admits to Cynthia his sexual dysfunction: that he is impotent when in the presence of another person, and that he achieves gratification by watching these videos in private. Graham propositions Cynthia to make an interview tape, assuring her that no other person is allowed to see the tapes. She believes him, and agrees. Cynthia reports doing a videotape with Graham back to Ann, who is horrified. Later Cynthia also tells John about her videotape and he also reacts very negatively (though more than a little possessively).
Cleaning her home the next day, Ann discovers Cynthia's pearl earring in her bedroom (she knows the earring belongs to her sister, since she had mentioned that she had lost it) while vacuuming. Ann is then furious. She heads over to Graham's apartment with the intention of making a videotape. Graham objects, telling her making a videotape is something she would not do in a normal frame of mind. Ann insists on making a videotape, and Graham relents.
Afterward at home, Ann then angrily demands a divorce from John. In the ensuing shouting argument, John quickly learns that Ann has been to Graham's, and that she made a sexual video. John rushes to Graham's apartment, suddenly hits him and then locks him out of the house. John then watches Ann's tape. In the video, Ann says she has never felt any kind of 'satisfaction' from sex. After Graham asks if she ever thinks of having sex with other men, she admits she has thought of Graham. Ann later turns the camera on Graham, who resists but she persists. Graham confesses that he is haunted by Elizabeth, and that his motivation in returning to Baton Rouge is an attempt to achieve some closure. Graham explains that he was a pathological liar, which destroyed an otherwise rewarding relationship with Elizabeth. He explains that he has since gone to great lengths to keep people at a distance and avoid relationships. Ann starts touching and kissing Graham; Graham turns off the camera; it is implied that the two have sex.
A chastened John joins Graham on the front porch and, with obvious pleasure, confesses to having sex with Elizabeth while she and Graham were a couple. But John also helps Graham see his ex Elizabeth in a more realistic way. He states, "She was no saint. She was good in bed, and she could keep a secret. That's all I can say about her." and then leaves. This statement makes Graham furious and he goes into a rage and destroys all of the videotapes, as well as his video camera.
The next day, John is summoned to his boss's legal office, where it’s implied that he is about to be fired due to his frequent cancellations of meetings with important clients of the firm to have sexual trysts with Cynthia. In the next scene, Ann and Cynthia reconcile at the bar Cynthia tends. Ann then goes to Graham's place and joins Graham on the front porch, as they appear to be a couple.