Nalla Idathu Sammandham

After the phenomenal success of his play Ratha Kanneer that was made into a successful movie, M.R. Radha began to dominate Tamil cinema from 1950 to 1960, and he appeared in almost every Tamil film made then. He charged a flat fee of Rs. 60,000 — whether it was for one scene or the complete movie. And, this was at a time when gold cost less than Rs. 200 a sovereign! One of his popular movies during that era was Nalla Idathu Sammandham, in which he was the leading figure and anti-hero, a concept he made popular in Tamil cinema. It was produced by fine actors V.K. Ramasamy and A.P. Nagarajan. The story was written by Ramasami while the script was by Nagarajan. The film was directed by K. Somu.
A wealthy man (Ramasami) with a wayward son (Radha) and a daughter (Rajam), who is a nurse, thinks his son would change his ways if he gets married. He arranges a marriage for his son with another wealthy man’s daughter (Janaki), and sends the communication to his son and daughter. The wedding comes as a surprise to the son who does not intend getting married. However, he informs his sister he will be present at the wedding ceremony. He turns up just in time to tie the ‘mangalasutra’!
The young bride joins her husband with hopes of a happy marriage, but her life turns out to be sheer torture. Meanwhile, the nurse falls in love with a cop (Nazir), and soon the story takes a few turns and twists. Finally, the wayward son reforms, and all live happily.
As expected, M.R. Radha dominates the film with his characteristic flamboyant performance while Sowcar Janaki plays the tradition-drenched wife encasing her fine range of talent. Sacchu and her elder sister ‘Maadi’ Lakshmi present fine dances. As does ‘Gemini’ Chandra (choreography by T.C. Thangaraj). Ramasami is excellent, and during that period, he and multi-talented Nagarajan produced movies together, directed by Somu.
The film had excellent music by K.V. Mahadevan with lyrics by Marudhakasi and A.S. Narayanan. Some of the songs that became popular were ‘Puthu Penney Puthu Penney Nimirnthu Paaru’ (by L.R. Eswari, Kasthuri, Udutha and Gajalakshmi) and ‘Ponnu Maapillay Onnaa Poguthu Jigu Jigu Vandiyiley’ (L.R. Eswari and Kasthuri). Noted singer Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi sang the ghazal-like ‘Kuzhandhai Pol Oru Kanam’. This film was shot in Madras (now Chennai) and at Salem. It fared fairly well.
Remembered for The impressive performances of M.R. Radha, ‘Sowcar’ Janaki, Rajam, Nazir and Ramasami, and the tuneful music.