Rangbaaz

An auto driver (Kushal Chakraborty), sees Lucky Bhai (Rahul Dev) murder a journalist. The auto driver manages to capture Lucky Bhai & his henchman, and hold them until the Police arrive. Afterwards, the auto driver returns home to his wife and son, Raj. Unfortunately, Lucky Bhai & his henchmen break into their house that night. The auto driver is killed and his wife is severely injured. Raj survives uninjured. Raj's mother is in a critical condition but he & his uncle don't have enough money to pay for her operation. The local mafia leader's son has committed murder and offers Raj a deal. In order to pay for his mother's surgery, Raj has to go to prison for the crime.
Twelve years later, Raj is released from prison. When he meets his uncle again, he finds out that his mother has died. Raj also falls in love with Madhurima who lives with her father (Rajatava Dutta). Officer Ajay (Supriyo Dutta) helps Raj get a passport. Raj plans to go to Bangkok to join a travel agency recommended by his uncle. Madhurima and her friends arrive in Bangkok as tourists. Raj is one of the tour guides. Raj seems to be irritable around Madhurima. Biku & his henchmen are bothering Madhurima. Raj saves Madhurima by attacking Biku and his henchmen. Few days later, Biku & his henchmen see Madhurima again. Charan has to fight Biku & his henchmen again. Raj & Madhurima use a water bike to escape. They get stuck in middle of the sea when their water bike runs out of gas. When Madhurima wakes up, Madhurima sees an island that is little far away. Raj & Madhurima have to swim to the island.
Raj tells Madhurima that he loves her. Madhurima's father & the other people believe that Madhurima is kidnapped by Raj as they find out Raj was in prison for 12 years. He arranges helicopters to search for Madhurima. Raj sees one helicopter in the sky, but Madhurima doesn't want anyone to find them. Madhurima tells Raj that she loves him too and her father would never let her marry Raj. Raj loves Madhurima, but Raj didn't expect Madhurima to fall in love with him. He reveals that he came to Bangkok to kill Lucky Bhai. Raj found out that Lucky Bhai's a notorious international criminal with network in Hong Kong, Bangkok, and other places has shifted base to Bangkok. Raj tells Madhurima that Biku's none other than Lucky Bhai's son. In Bangkok, Raj tried to kill Lucky Bhai at a bar, but Lucky Bhai escaped & Lucky Bhai stopped coming to Bangkok. By the time Raj finishes telling his foiled plot to kill Lucky Bhai, a lot of guys in black robes and black suits come and then a fight starts. Just then Madhurima's father comes in a helicopter. Seeing her dad she runs to him and tells him not to hit Raj as he did not kidnap her but saved her. At first Madhurima's father tells to leave him, and the goons leave him, but when Madhurima tells him that she wants him and loves him, her father tells the goons to kill him. The goons hit Raj on the head and he falls down and they go away. Then a member of the company for which Raj works searching for him on a boat finds him and takes him back. A hot argument takes place between Madhurima and her father and she runs away to Raj.
Then Madhurima's father calls Raj and tells him that his mother is still alive. His uncle lied to Charan that his mother died. Madhurima's father will trade Raj's mother for Sanjana. Raj takes Madhurima to a building where he tells her that he is going to trade her for his mother. He tells her that she has her father, but his mother has no one except him. Madhurima's father comes and takes her and gives Raj his mother back who was grateful to him.
Meanwhile, Lucky Bhai sees the pictures of Raj and Madhurima on television, which was the effort of the Madhurima's father to find her, and recognizes Raj as the person who tried to kill him. He tells Biku to kidnap Sanjana and Biku does the same when the exchange of Madhurima and Raj's mother goes. In the process gunfire takes place where all the men of the Madhurima's father get shot. Raj also retaliates with a gun and kills some of Biku's men, but Biku gets away with Madhurima. Madhurima's father gets shot in the leg, and in emotion tells Raj, he saw how much he loves his mother and screams, someone is taking away your fiancé away, go and get her. Leaving Madhurima's father in the care of his mother, Raj runs after Biku's car with hands tied, to an island where Lucky and Biku are there.
Lucky Bhai without killing him and Madhurima as suggested by his son Biku, lets them escape saying he would hunt them. But Raj kills all the men of Lucky and finally kills Lucky's son. And using his body Raj lures Lucky into his trap. Then he kills Lucky Bhai, in the same way he killed his father. This is when Lucky Bhai recognizes who Raj is.