CID Moosa

The movie starts with Khaled Muhammad a.k.a Baba (Sharat Saxena) in jail telling one of his henchmen to kill the Kerala Chief minister Ravi Menon (Murali). Moolamkuzhiyil Sahadevan (Dileep) is the son of a police constable Moolamkuzhiyil Prabhakaran (Oduvil Unnikrishnan) who works in the dog squad. Sahadevan has only one ambition and that is to join the police department and for that he has cleared his exams and is waiting for the physical test, but he has an enemy, his own brother-in-law Peethambaran (Jagathy Sreekumar). Baba's henchmen plan to murder Ravi Menon with the help of the current police commissioner, Gowri Shankar (Ashish Vidyarthi). However Sahadevan foils the plan as his dog Arjun sacrifices himself from a time bomb, but survives. The blame is put on him by Shankar but he is saved by the Director General of Police(Vijayaraghavan). Shankar, along with Peethambaram intentionally makes sure Sahadevan fails his physical test because he had found a way to foil the bomb plan in the hospital created to murder Ravi. When he finds out who the crooks are, he tries to find a way to foil it and that hope was to become a private detective via his uncle Karamchand alias Karunan Chanthakkavala (Captain Raju). He becomes a private detective and calls himself CID Moosa, a short form of Moolamkuzhiyil Sahadevan. He has a funky car that can do tricks to assist him in evading his enemies. During all of this he falls in love with a girl named Meena (Bhavana). After numerous attempts, he makes her fall in love with him. Meanwhile, he managed to intercept the first terrorists who planned to place the bomb in the hospital. Shankar, in anger destroys Moosa's office saying it doesn't have license. When Moosa goes to Ravi for a petition, Ravi's car explodes and Moosa heroically saves him. Moosa is applauded for saving him. He then kills the second terrorist and gets a Rs.5 lakhs as a reward announced by Government. Meena then told Moosa that those terrorists were sharing tenants in her house and filed a case to Shankar, not realising that she would be arrested as soon as she reached her flat. Shankar tries to molest Meena but Moosa intervenes and fights with him to save her. Later Shankar forces Ravi to issue a warrant against Moosa which he reluctantly accepts. On the way home, Ravi sees Baba on the road after he gets released from jail. Moosa meets Ravi to prove his innocence but Baba appears to kill Ravi and shoots him in his arm. Moosa takes Ravi to safety in his car and uses the different tricks and devices in his car to evade the police. He is then intercepted by Shankar and Baba but kills both of them using his wits and his dog. Ravi is saved and now Moosa is sent to Scotland to solve bigger cases.