Aagadu

Shankar is an orphan raised by a sincere police officer named Raja Rao. His son Bharath accidentally kills a kid and Shankar takes the blame on him. Shankar is imprisoned and Raja Rao warns him not to meet him again. After graduating, Shankar is employed as a circle inspector of police. He is popularly referred to as 'Encounter' Shankar because of his track record as an encounter specialist.
He is transferred to Bukkapatnam town in Tadipatri, Ananthapur district. He is assigned the task of halting the illegal businesses of Damodar, an influential crime boss whose dream project is to build a power plant. Using his wits, Shankar destroys all the three main businesses of Damodar by trapping their respective in-charges. He brings a stay on the power project by bringing few vital witnesses before the court of law, thereby earning Damodar's ire. On a parallel note, Shankar loves a sweet shop owner named Saroja who reciprocates her feelings at a later point of time.
A person named Shekhar approaches Shankar and through him, he informs Mallikharjun, the local Superintendent of police that he is the witness of the murder of environmentalist Prakash by Damodar. Damodar influences all the witnesses including Shekhar before Shankar could arrest him. He later comes to know that Raja Rao's son Bharath, the previous district collector committed suicide along with his wife, who was a friend of Prakash, because of defamation and personal attacks when Bharath tried to stop the power project.
Damodar held half of the share in the project whilst Mallikharjun and central minister Nagaraju held the remaining half share. Before committing suicide, Bharath revealed the truth behind Shankar's imprisonment to Raja Rao and unites them. Shankar seeks revenge and with the help of a lawyer named Database Danayya, he gathers information regarding the power broker of this project named Delhi Suri, Mallikharjun, and Damodar's conservative girlfriend named Sukanya who actually was an actress working in risqué films in the past.
By trapping initially and blackmailing later, Shankar gets hold of Delhi Suri with whose help, he creates a rift between Damodar and Nagaraju which leads to the latter's murder. By blackmailing Sukanya that they would reveal her past to Damodar, they trap Mallikharjun with her help and accuse him of a rape attempt on Sukanya. However, the fact that Mallikharjun was gay, which was concealed by him for a long time, was believed by none. He is murdered by eating poisoned food.
Damodar's brother Durga is killed by Damodar himself after Shankar pollutes his mind accusing Durga for attempting a murder on Damodar for his wealth. Meanwhile, Shankar and Saroja get engaged. Delhi Suri comes to know about Database Danayya and destroys his office. Danayya takes revenge by revealing Delhi Suri's role in the murders of the three people. When Damodar tries to kill Delhi Suri at his guest house, he is confronted by Shankar who kills him after a duel. Bharath receives posthumous recognition for his honesty while Delhi Suri turns a police informer working under Shankar.