Apna Sapna Money Money

6 Alvarez House in Bandra, Mumbai, is the residence of myopic, widowed, devout Hindu, Satyabol Shashtri (Anupam Kher), who lives there with his daughter, Shivani (Riya Sen). Shivani is in love with her Christian neighbor, Arjun Fernandes (Shreyas Talpade), who is a mechanic and lives with his wanna-be singer sister, Julie (Koena Mitra), and a younger ailing sister, Titli. Satyabol disapproves of Arjun and wants his daughter to get married to Sarju Maharaj Banaraswale's son. Other than Satyabol chasing Badshah, the pet dog of Arjun, and ending up in the woman's bathroom, the area is fairly peaceful.
Then Arjun and his friends try to think of a plan to stop Sarju from marrying his son to Shivani but can't. So Arjun calls his cousin Kishan (Ritesh Deshmukh) to help them. Kishan comes disguised as Sarju Maharaj Banaraswale by tricking the real Sarju into getting of the train and as soon as he gets of the train, some goons who think he is a relative of Kishan catch him and take him to find out where Kishan is. Meanwhile, Kishan becomes Sarju and convinces Satyabol that his (Sarju's) son is not good for his (Shashtri's) daughter by dancing in the bar and kissing Julie who was in the act. Then Shashtri informs the fake Sarju that he does not want to marry his daughter to Sarju's son and that he can go now. So having finished his mission, Kishan prepares to leave when Arjun tells him to stay back as he loves Julie but Kishan refuses saying that he is not destined for Julie. Then after Arjun leaves and Rana (Chunky Pandey) turns up with the real Sarju but when Kishan says that all the is with Sarju they leave Kishan and run after Sarju while Kishan escapes, disguises himself as a woman named Sunaina and says 'she' is Arjun's aunty and soon Shashtri falls in love with her. Then in the neighbourhood also comes Matha Prasad (Rajpal Yadav) who runs a dairy farm and moonlights as the hit man of Bangkok-based underworld Don, Carlos (Jackie Shroff). The once honest cop Namdev Mane (Sunil Shetty) ( pronounced as Maa-ne ) teames up with Carlos' girlfriend Sania (Celina Jaitley) who is on the lookout for hidden diamonds and facing bankruptcy - Carlos himself - as they face off in one of the most hilarious stand-offs to seek wealth and to fulfill their individual dreams.