Pappayude Swantham Appoos

Balachandran (Mammootty) had resorted to his work after being unable to cope up with the death of his wife, Bhama (Shobhana). During the process, he unintentionally neglects his only son, Appu (Badusha). When Appu returns home from his boarding school during vacation, Balachandran promises him a lot many things, but is unable to fulfill any of them as he is caught up with work. Meanwhile, Appu befriends his carer Meenakshi (Seena Dadi), much to the annoyance of Balachandran.
Meenakshi's half-brother Rudran, after realizing that his sister stays with Balachandran (who fired him for the murder of a colleague), forcefully takes her home. Appu becomes disappointed and turn rebellious, which culminates in Balachandran hitting him. He now realize that Bhama's death was tough on his son too. He apologize and promises to bring back Meenakshi.
At Meenakshi's house, her brother objects to Balachandran's request of taking her back and he see the way she is mistreated by her brother, leading to a fight between them where Appu gets caught up. The attempt fails and they retreat to their summer house, deciding to let go of the thoughts of Meenakshi. Appu now gets to spend more time with his father as he had always hoped, although he miss Meenakshi. Balachandran notices that Appu's nose is lightly bleeding and take him to his close friend, Dr. Gopan (Suresh Gopi). Gopan find a serious internal haemorrhage in Appu's head, the cause of which remains a mystery. He informs that an urgent surgery is their only hope and his Professor, a famous neurosurgeon had been called from Mumbai for the surgery.
The unresolved cause of the bleeding puzzle the doctors. Balachandran soon recollects the fight and recall Rudran being the one responsible for Appu's condition. Enraged by the thought, he rush to seek revenge, but is stopped by Gopan by shouting that if he really loves his son, stay with him till the operation, take care of him and pray for him. The depth of his ignorance to his son, now becomes even more clear to him. Realizing that this was probably the only time left with his son, he take him out as he had promised, to fulfill Appu's wish, on the eve of the scheduled operation. He even prays hoping that God would have pity upon him. Their journey takes them to Meenakshi's house, who is to be married against her wishes. Another fight happens between the two and he manage to free Meenakshi from her abusive brother. He take her with them for one final trip where Appu (moderately under sedation) hallucinates his mother approaching him to take him to the other side. However, when Bhama notices Balachandran and Meenakshi together, she realizes that it is their chance to start a new family and walks away, implying the likelihood of Appu's survival.