Rab Ton Sohna Ishq

Story of Rabb Ton Sohna Ishq is about innocent love of Kiran and Sooraj, who get parted in childhood. Little Sooraj and Kiran are forcefully separated by Kiran's elder brother Taskar bandookchi, who is a Don. The story advances 12 years, where the city Makdoompura is fully influenced with Mafia. Two groups in the city – Bandookchi and Afeemchi – are like bulls, who keep striking their horns time to time. Taskar and Babban bandookchi are elder brothers of Kiran. Kiran has grown up n now is a collegiate. She is the younger one in the house so her brothers are very protective about her. On the other side Little Sooraj has been named Surjan by the society he grew up in. Being an orphan from childhood made Surjan face a lot of consequences. He has hatred for the wrong people, but somewhere in his heart he has a soft corner for his lost love Kiran. This love has made him a poet as well as a Gunda. A rare combination to be found. He gets his books published by the name Sooraj. But he never discloses his identity in public. Kiran is also a fan of Sooraj's writings, but she doesn’t know that he is the same Sooraj, whom she loves from her childhood.One day they both meet by accident, Kiran happily tells this to his elder brother, and he asks her to call him to meet him at the temple. When they reach their, the anti party attacks taskar bandookchi. In that accident taskar goes to coma. Kiran's other brother Babban comes to know about Sooraj and he locks Kiran in the house. On the other side Sooraj goes to meet Afeemchi who attacked kirans elder brother. He fights with him and tells him who he is. Affemchi n Babban join hands together. One day kirans runs from her house n her elder brother taskar helps her in that. When babban gets to know this he runs after Kiran n Sooraj, with the help of afeemchi. When dey get close to them, Babban kills afeemchi. Den comes the final combat between Sooraj and Babban. And finally love wins and the story ends with a true and fact-full message that love always wins.[1]