Meet the Parents

Gaylord "Greg" Focker (Ben Stiller) is a male nurse living in Chicago. He intends to propose to his girlfriend Pam Byrnes (Teri Polo), but his plan is disrupted when he and Pam are invited to the wedding of Pam's sister, Debbie (Nicole DeHuff), at Pam's parents' house in Oyster Bay. Greg decides to propose to Pam in front of her family but this plan is put on hold when the airline loses his luggage which contains the engagement ring.
At the Byrnes family's home, Greg meets Pam's father Jack (Robert De Niro), mother Dina (Blythe Danner) and their beloved cat, Mr. Jinx (also known as Jinxy, or simply Jinx), a 2-year-old seal-point peke-faced Himalayan with an all-black tail. Jack takes an instant dislike towards Greg and openly criticizes Greg for his choice of career as a male nurse and anything else he sees as a difference between Greg and the Byrnes family. Greg tries to impress Jack by various means of telling him about the drug references of Peter, Paul and Mary's "Puff the Magic Dragon", reciting "Day by Day" from Godspell when asked to say grace (due to being Jewish) at dinner, telling Jack he milked the cat of a sister whom he fabricated (due to Jack having previously seen him reading a magazine about lactation) and presenting the Byrnes family with a bottle of Mumm's champagne but his efforts fail and culminate in numerous disasters (including Jack thinking Greg does drugs, Greg discovering Pam was engaged, and while popping the champagne cork, accidentally breaks an urn containing the remains of Jack's deceased mother, which Jinx urinates in.) Greg becomes even more uncomfortable after he receives an impromptu lie detector test from Jack and later learns from Pam that her father is a retired CIA officer.
Meeting the rest of Pam's family and friends, Greg still feels like an outsider. Despite efforts to impress the family, Greg's inadvertent actions render him an easy target for ridicule and anger. During a volleyball game, he accidentally causes Debbie a broken nose and a black eye, uses a malfunctioning toilet which floods the Byrnes' back yard with sewage, sets fire to the wedding altar, and several misunderstandings cause Jack to think Greg is a marijuana user. Later, Greg receives his missing luggage bag from the airline, only to discover it is the wrong bag and eventually loses Jinx and replaces him with a feral whose tail he spray paints to make him look like Jinx. When Jack finds out where Jinx really is during a meal out, Greg attempts to beat him home to erase the evidence, only to fail. By the time the family returns home, the feral cat has completely trashed the living room.
By now, the entire Byrnes family, including Pam, agrees that it is best for Greg to leave Oyster Bay until the wedding concludes. Devastated, Greg goes to the airport to get a flight back home, only to be detained by airport security for acting like a maniac on the plane while (still frustrated over the luggage screw-up) trying to get his bag into the overhead storage hold and for saying "bomb." Back at the Byrnes household, Jack tries to convince Pam that Greg was lying to her about everything. He claims to be unable to find proof of anyone named "Greg Focker" ever taking the Medical College Admission Test which Greg claimed he had passed with the initial intention of becoming a doctor. Upon learning that Greg's real first name is Gaylord, and being presented with proof from Pam that he did in fact pass the test, Jack rushes to the airport, convinces airport security to release Greg and brings him back to the Byrnes household.
As Greg is proposing to Pam, Jack and Dina listen in on their conversation from another room, agreeing that they should now meet Greg's parents. After Debbie's wedding, Jack views VHS footage of Greg recorded by hidden cameras that he had placed strategically around the house.