Rhymes for Young Ghouls

The film opens with a brief prologue explaining the history of Canadian First Nations children being compelled by law to attend Indian residential schools. In 1966, the prepubescent Aila (Miika Whiskeyjack) lives with her father Joseph (Glen Gould), mother Anna (Roseanne Supernault) and younger brother Tyler at the fictional Red Crow Reserve, a Mi'kmaq Indian reserve. Aila's parents consume drugs and alcohol to cope with the abuse they suffered at St. Dymphna's residential school. Tyler is accidentally killed by Anna during a drunk driving accident. The grief-stricken Anna commits suicide while Joseph takes the blame and is imprisoned.
The film fast forwards ten years later to 1976. In her father's absence, the now-teenage Aila (Kawennahere Devery Jacobs) takes over her father's drug dealing business in the care of her uncle Burner (Brandon Oakes), who himself consumes and sells drugs. To avoid being sent to St. Dymphna's school, Aila uses the proceeds from the drug money to bribe the corrupt and abusive Indian agent Popper (Mark Antony Krupa), who runs the school. In flashback scenes, it is show that a younger Popper (Sheamas Graham) was bullied by several Mi'kmaq youths including Burner. A younger Joseph (Muin Gould) comes to his aid but Popper spurns his offer of friendship and develops a hatred for the Indians in the reserve.
One day, Aila's drug money is stolen. Her predicament is complicated when her father Joseph is released from prison and returns to the Red Crow Reserve. Relations between daughter and father are initially frayed; Aila resents her father for not being there while Joseph is unhappy that his daughter is involved in the drug business. Aila, her father, and three friends later hatch a plot to break into St. Dymphna's and steal the required money. However, one of Aila's friends betrays them to Popper, who arrests Joseph on trumped up property damage charges and sends Aila to St. Dympha's.
During her induction, Aila is shorn of her long braids and imprisoned in a cell. However, she is freed by a local resident boy. Seeking revenge against Popper, Aila and her friends don Halloween costumes and break into St Dymphna's. They free Joseph and steal C$ 20,000 from Popper's office. After escaping, Aila reconciles with her father, who tells her that she is not to blame for the death of her mother and the cycle of abuse that occurred at St Dymphna's.
However, Popper catches up with them and knocks Joseph down with a rifle butt. Popper attempts to rape Aila but is shot dead by the local resident boy who freed Aila. To protect the young boy and his daughter, Joseph takes the fall for killing Popper. Gisigu (Stewart Myiow), a friend of her grandfather, becomes her mentor and promises to help steer her away from dealing with drugs. Aila also befriends the young boy who saved her and her dad from Popper.