Laaga Chunari Mein Daag

Vibhavari, affectionately called Badki (Rani Mukerji), and Shubhavari, affectionately called Chutki (Konkona Sen Sharma) are the daughters of Shivshankar Sahay (Anupam Kher) and Savitri (Jaya Bachchan). They live together on the banks of the Ganges in Banaras. Life is full of happiness and joy for the two, though the family is relatively poor. Badki especially is protective of her family and is determined to ensure Chutki completes her education.
As things go from bad to worse when her father becomes ill, Badki goes to Mumbai to find work. She is unable to find a job as she has not completed 12th standard. Her so-called boss tells her that if she sleeps with him he will give her the job. The next day he declines what he had promised but pays her the money. After encountering many obstacles and feeling desperate and out of options, she is forced to become the exclusive call girl "Natasha". Misleading her family – telling them she is an event planner – and sending them money for her father's medicines. Badki learns to speak English and learns how to dress up in a modern way. She hides her secret to keep the family home from being foreclosed on. Chutki completes her MBA securing 1st rank and, unannounced, comes to live with Badki in Mumbai. The younger sister becomes a trainee at the Matrix Advertising agency, and falls in love with her boss, creative director Vivaan (Kunal Kapoor). Badki finds love in attorney Rohan (Abhishek Bachchan) but leaves him, afraid that he would be disgusted by her profession. Chutki inadvertently discovers what Badki does for a living and is disgusted by this turn of events.
The two sisters return to Banaras for Chutki's wedding. Badki comes face to face with Rohan, and he is revealed to be Vivaan's brother. Old feelings resurface between the two and eventually Rohan asks Badki to marry him. Badki refuses, feeling that Rohan would never accept her after knowing her profession. Chutki convinces Badki to think about her happiness for once and accept his proposal. During the conversation Shivshankar, Savitri and Chutki finally face the lies and secrets realising what Badki sacrificed for the family. Badki reveals her profession to Rohan, who shocks her by announcing that he knew, from the moment he saw her with her client in Zurich, that she was a call girl. Despite that he still wants to marry her and respects her. Badki readily accepts, finally gaining the happiness she has sought and gets married.