The Wicker Tree

Beth Boothby (Nicol) is a successful born again evangelical pop singer from Texas. She and her fiance Steve Thompson (Garrett) both wear purity rings and belong to a group known as the "Cowboys for Christ", who travel to "heathen areas" of the world to preach Christianity. The Reverend Moriarty sends them off to travel to Glasgow, hoping to save some souls there. However, they are shocked when they receive a very negative reception, with nobody accepting their pamphlets. The duo are approached by Sir Lachlan Morrison (McTavish) and his wife Delia (Leonard), the laird of the small village of Tressock in the Scottish Lowlands. They invite Beth and Steve to come back with them to preach, but intend them for a more central part in Tressock's May Day celebration.
The villagers of Tressock have become infertile due to the construction of Sir Lachlan's nuclear power plant. While riding a horse, Steve has sex with Lolly (Weeks), a female villager, after finding her bathing naked in a spring. Steve regrets his actions and wants to return home. During a flashback Sir Lachlan remembers a mentor (Lee) from his youth. Meanwhile, a detective named Orlando is sent to Tressock, posing as the local police officer, in order to secretly investigate reports of a pagan cult. Orlando discovers that the people of the village worship the ancient Celtic goddess Sulis from Lolly after having sex with her on multiple occasions.
Beth and Steve decide to begin their preaching at Tressock's May Day celebrations. To impress the locals, they agree to become the local Queen of the May and the Laddie for the festival, not realising the consequences of their decision. Steve is chased by villagers on horseback as part of a ritual and ends up being torn apart. Back in the house of Sir Lachlan, Beame (Russell), the Morrison's butler, attempts to sedate Beth in order to prepare her for her role as the May Queen. He attempted to do so the night before, but the spiked milk killed the Morrisons' cat. Beth attacks Beame and flees, but is captured in town. After discovering Steve's death, Beth confronts Sir Lachlan at the wicker tree. She pushes Lachlan into the structure and sets it on fire, killing Lachlan in the process.
Beth tries to escape from Tressock with the help of one of the few children left in the village. She is captured and is later killed. Her body is preserved and put on display in a room with the previous May Queens. Lolly gives birth to Steve's child and brings a new generation to Tressock for the first time in years. Delia prays to the setting sun for the gods to find more men to bring to Tressock to sire more children.