Bheema

The movie revolves around two powerful gangs in Chennai, one led by Chinna (Prakash Raj) and the other by Periyavar (Raghuvaran). Enmity prevails between both gangs, with frequent clashes happening, as they try to overpower each other. One day, when Periyavar’s gang tries to kill Chinna, he is saved by Shekar (Vikram). Chinna meets Shekar on a few more occasions and is impressed by his courage. Chinna feels Shekar to be his resemblance as he too possesses similar characteristics.
Shekar reveals that he keeps following Chinna right from his childhood and adores him as a role model. Shekar joins Chinna’s gang and with the help of him, Chinna overpowers Periayavar in the city. Shekar wins the trust of Chinna and both get close each other. This brings up jealousy to one of Chinna’s gang man (Shafi) and he hates Shekar.
Shekar arranges Chinna’s wedding with Padma (Lakshmi Gopalaswamy) knowing that both were in love for long but Chinna decided not to express his love after becoming a don but still he loves her. Chinna is married to Padma. Meanwhile, Shekar meets Shalini (Trisha) and befriends her. Slowly love blossoms between the two.
A new police commissioner (Ashish Vidyarthi) is appointed to control violence in the city and his first targets are Chinna and Periyavar. Shekar gives the necessary courage to Chinna and asks him not to fear for the commissioner as he will always be there for protection.
One day, Shekar and Shalu decide to get married. But Shalu's parents will not agree for this wedding, so she decides to elope with Shekar. The police department secretly plans to encounter Chinna’s gang and Periavar’s gang. Shalu requests Shekar to come with her and lead a peaceful life free from violence. Shekar understands and decides to lead a normal life. He informs this with hesitation to Chinna to which Chinna agrees immediately. Chinna gives some money to Shekar and blesses him to start a new life with Shalu. Shekar and Shalu get married and move to a new apartment.
However, Chinna misses Shekar so much and he keeps worrying unable to bear Shekar’s departure. Saamy (Thalaivasal Vijay), an ally of Chinna, suggests calling back Shekar so that Chinna might feel better. But Chinna does not want to disturb Shekar as he has just started a new life. Finally Chinna decides to try calling Shekar to see whether he is interested in joining him again.
Chinna, Saamy and Shafi go to Shekar’s new apartment where he stays with Shalu. Chinna feels bad calling Shekar back and sends Shafi alone to talk to Shekar. Shafi, who already has misunderstanding with Shekar goes to meet him and lies that Chinna wanted Shekar to come back and join his gang. Shekar does not believe this and refuses to go with Shafi. Suddenly, Shafi takes a gun and shoots Shalu saying that she is responsible for Shekar leaving their gang.
Shalu dies on the spot and Shekar is shocked by this. Shekar cries and hits Shafi. Shafi falls from apartment window on to the floor and dies. Shekar unable to bear the pain of losing Shalu runs down to meet Chinna and Saamy who are waiting downstairs. Shekar believes that it was Chinna who had sent Shafi to bring him back failing which to kill Shalu.
Shekar cries seeing Chinna. Suddenly, Chinna takes a gun and shoots Shekar which shocks him. Shekar retaliates by shooting Chinna dead in turn thinking that Chinna has tried killing him and he shoots another man. But when Saamy asked him to see back and when Shekar saw back, he was shocked because he sees a police man behind him being hit by the bullet fired from Chinna’s gun. Now Shekar understands that Chinna has actually shot the policeman who tried to shoot Shekar from behind.
Saamy was telling even though Chinna was telling no but they accomplished him here because Chinna liked to live with Shekar but it cannot happen because he shot Chinna. Shekar cries inconsolably as he has killed Chinna whom he considered as a role model throughout his life. Also, Saamy is suddenly shot by someone. Shekar understands that police has surrounded them for encounter. Ashish Vidyarthi instructs his team not to kill Shekar and instead catch him alive. But Shekar does not want to live as he has lost both Shalu and Chinna now. Shekar points an empty gun towards police seeing which they shoot Shekar and Ashish Vidyarthi checked and told his members that he showed empty gun to us for shoot him and when he was about to call ambulance. Shekar suddely got up and fall down again and the police leaves, he remembers memorable moments with Chinna and he felt sorry for shooting Chinna and he dies after some time.