Furious

Film will tell about Golden Horde times and the warrior, Ryazan knight Evpaty Kolovrat, leading the squad decides to fight back khan Batu, who shattered Russia.[4]
This military tale (The Tale of the Destruction of Riazan) survived in several sixteenth and the seventeenth century redactions and is thought to be a part of a miscellany that was composed and revised by the clergy of the Church of St. Nikholas of Zaraisk. According to the legend, the church is located on the spot where the princess Eupraxy killed herself. Given a form of a military tale, the later version of The Tale of Batu's Capture of Ryazan is a fictionalized account with some historical inaccuracies suggesting that the Tale was composed sometimes after the described events and was subsequently further edited. Tracing its provenance, textual analysis, and dating of various redactions have been conclusively resolved by Soviet scholars.
The Tale of the Destruction of Riazan is one of the most interesting and best written accounts of the invasion of Russia by the Mongols: ...Within twelve years after bringing the miraculous icon of St.Nicholas from Kherson, the godless Emperor Batu invaded the Russian land with a great multitude of his Tatar warriors and set up camp on the river Voronezh in the vicinity of the principality of Riazan. And he sent his infidel envoys to the city of Riazan, to Great Prince Yury Ingvarevich, demanding tithes from everyone - from the princes and from all ranks of people.And the Great Prince decided to send his son, Fedor Yurevich, to Batu with many gifts and supplications that he not invade the land of Riazan...
Prince Fedor came to the Emperor Batu... And Batu began to entertain the Riazan Princes, and after this entertainment asked that they send their sisters and daughters to be his concubines. And one envious Riazan courtier told Batu that the wife of Prince Fedor belonged to the Byzantine imperial family and that she had a most beautiful body. Emperor Batu, who was false and merciless, became excited, and told Prince Fedor: "Prince, give me your wife so that I may enjoy her beauty." And Prince Fedor said - "It is not our Christian custom to bring to you, the godless emperor our wives so that your lust may be satisfied. If you conquer us then you will be the ruler of our wives."
The godless Batu felt offended, and became angry. He ordered the immediate death of Prince Fedor, and commanded that his body be thrown in a field where it would be devoured by beasts and birds. And the retinue and the warriors of Prince Fedor were also put to death.
One of the servants of Prince Fedor, by name Aponitsa, managed to escape, and wept bitterly, seeing the body of his master. Having noticed that no one guarded the corpse, he took his beloved master's body and buried it secretly. Then he hurried to Princess Eupraxy and told her that Emperor Batu had killed her husband. At that moment the princess happened to be on the upper floor of the palace with her infant son, Prince Ivan. When she heard from Aponitsa that her husband had been slain, she was seized with grief, and threw herself from the window with the child in her arms. And so both were killed...[5]
Evpaty and his soldiers return to Riazan, only to find that the Mongols had burned the city and massacred many of its inhabitants, including the defending soldiers, his wife Nastya and their children. He and his men raise the town bell and ring it, summoning the survivors. They hide as a band of Mongols return, and Evpaty kills them all with his two swords. Evpaty leads his men against a blizzard into a forest, and stumble upon a bear and a hermit. The hermit, Nestor, invites them into a cave where they rest for the night and receive herbs.
Evpaty and his soldiers use trickery to frighten and distract the Mongols and allow one of his soldiers to help Lada take several children to safety. He sends three soldiers on horseback to three princes in their cities, but only one accepted their request for help in fighting Batu Khan. He also ensures that the surviving people of his city hide in Nestor's cave. At the same time, his soldiers and Lada struggle to help him remember his current situation to stop him from attacking them.
Evpaty and his soldiers fight Batu Khan's soldiers on a hill, but the Mongols prevail, leaving Evpaty as the last member of his army. The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands. Evpaty goes down from the hill, he shows them a seal that Batu Khan had given to him earlier, causing the Mongols to avoid killing him. Evpaty taunts Batu Khan that now the latter is the one who kneels, and dies from his wounds from being hit by stones thrown by trebuchets.
Because he led his warriors to keep fighting the Mongols to the end, Batu Khan orders his soldiers to build a mound to bury Evpaty's body, one that became taller than the hill where he fought the Mongols. Many years later, another Russian prince leads a larger army to face an invasion of Teutonic Knights.