W.E.

Wally Winthrop is a lonely housewife, living in 1998 in New York City. She is neglected by her psychiatrist husband, William Winthrop and finds solace in the love story of King Edward VIII and his lover, Wallis Simpson. Wally travels to the Sotheby's auction of the Windsor Estate, showcasing items used by Wallis and Edward in their lifetime, and reminisces about their relationship.
In 1930, Edward throws a party at his new home in Fort Belvedere, in Windsor Great Park where he meets Wallis through his mistress, Lady Furness. The two develop a mutual attraction for each other, in spite of Wallis being married to Ernest Simpson, and become lovers while Lady Furness is abroad. Wally's reminiscences are interrupted by Sotheby's guard Evgeni, who takes a liking to her. Edward and Wallis continue their love affair while touring throughout Europe, where he gives her a number of jewels and assumes the initials W.E. By the end of 1934, Edward is irretrievably besotted with Wallis. He decides to introduce Wallis to his parents, King George V and Queen Mary, but Wallis is portrayed in a bad light by Edward's sister-in-law Elizabeth. A distraught Wallis wants to end the relationship but Edward pacifies her.
Wally urges her husband to have a child together but he refuses and she starts In vitro fertilisation. Wally gradually becomes attracted to Evgeni and eventually goes out on a date with him. She asks Evgeni more about Edward and Wallis, while pondering on her relationship with William. After attending an auction at Sotheby's, where she spends ten thousand dollars, Wally returns home to a drunken, confrontational William. He beats Wally, leaving her badly injured on the floor.
The government of Great Britain and the Dominions refuse to recognise the relationship of Edward and Wallis, since she is a divorcée and so on the night of December 11, 1936, Edward makes a broadcast to the nation and the Empire, explaining his decision to abdicate the throne to his brother Bertie. He says, "I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love." Wallis, who has fled to Villa Lou Viei, near Cannes, hears of this and has no choice other than to join Edward.
Evgeni, who has been calling an unconscious Wally, runs to her apartment to check on her. He finds her injured on the floor, and takes her to his home in Brooklyn, offering her a place for recovery. Wally finds a new hope and direction in life. She falls in love with Evgeni, divorces William and moves on. Through a series of letters from Wallis, kept in millionaire Mohamed Al-Fayed's collection, Wally comes to realise that the Duchess was stuck in a relationship with Edward for the rest of her life. An imaginary monologue with Wallis shows the two women discussing the similarity of their lives, but in the end only Wally found happiness.
Wally leaves behind her fascination with Wallis and Edward's relationship. She learns from her doctor that she is pregnant with Evgeni's baby and calls him to share the news.