Anwar ( അന്‍വര്‍ )

The movie is about the journey of a Malayali youth Anwar (Prithviraj) into the clutches of anti-social elements. The protagonist has another hidden agenda in joining the terrorist outfit. The movie opens with visuals of the Coimbatore bomb blast and the introduction of a special team under Stalin Manimaran (Prakash Raj) who arrests Babu Sait (Lal), a local community leader as a suspect in the bomb blast case. Meanwhile, Anwar, a Muslim youth is arrested while carrying with some Hawala money and is sent to jail with Babu Sait and his team.
Anwar performs his Namaaz daily five times. He is also fascinated by the terrorist activities of Babu Sait. Babu Sait helps Anwar in getting bail and interests him in his activities. Anwar is attracted towards terror acts and even successfully terminates two local drug dealers. Soon he becomes the most trusted and obedient right hand of Babu Sait. Anwar succeeds in planting a bomb in the police headquarters and is soon introduced to Basheer Bhai (Sampath Raj), who selects him to spearhead another big, but dangerous project of chain blasts. Their plans are to plant a series of chain blasts in Mumbai. Though Anwar goes on with their plans, he has a haunting flashback, which forms the twist in the story. Babu Sait shows the pictures of the Coimbatore blast, which diverts Anwar to his flashback. The Flashback goes like this: Anwar and his family live in a rural area of Palakkad. Anwar, an NRI, returns from America for his sister's wedding. There he meets his sister's best friend Ayesha (Mamta Mohandas), and falls for her. His family knows about this and proposes to her. She accepts. But when they go out for shopping to Coimbatore, Anwar goes out of the cloth shop for some air and a sudden blast happens, killing the whole family except him.
Meanwhile, Ayesha is arrested & then Anwar goes out to Stalin for her bail. But he refuses and says it could not be done owing to lack of proof. He then tells Stalin that he will assist in the discovery of the terrorists, which leads to the present part of the story. Both of them have a secret meeting about the bomb blasts planned by Babu Sait & Co. Stalin brings Ayesha so that they could meet after a long time. When Babu Sait's men arrive, Stalin tells Anwar to act as if they were having a fight, and one of the Babu Sait's men shoot Stalin, thereby killing him, thinking that Anwar was having a fight. But after that, Anwar is given the big responsibility of transporting the deadly terrorists to Mumbai, through a ship containing full of explosives & weapons. Anwar at first makes them think that he is on their side, but soon he blasts the ship by firing on it and killing all of the terrorists. Babu Sait becomes furious, that Anwar cheats them. When Anwar says about his parents, their flashbacks, which Babu Sait commits suicide. Anwar then calls the phone of Stalin which is under the police custody. He tells that the mission is over.
After that it is narrated that Stalin & his colleague got bravery awards but no one has recognised the near-death battle Anwar has played. The film ends when both Anwar & Ayesha are in a quiet place, living together in a small house. The end-credits rolls with the "Njan" song.