Naaigal Jaakirathai

A gang has kidnapped a girl and several police officers, including Karthik (Sibiraj), attempt to rescue her. During a shootout, one man from the gang and a police officer, a good friend of Karthik, are killed, while Karthik himself gets injured. He is put out of action and also suffers from posttraumatic stress disorder.
Subramani (Idoh) is a trained military dog, which has the potential to nab culprits and to decipher a crime scene. After its owner, an army officer, is shot dead, the dog is returned to the officer's father in Coimbatore, who is a neighbor of Karthik. The neighbor leaves the town and requests Karthik to provide shelter to the dog during his absence. Karthik denies the request, but provides shelter after seeing the dog being troubled the small kids in the neighborhood. Karthik learns about the dog and become good friends sharing bed and food.
Meanwhile, Karthik's wife, Renuka (Arundhati), is abducted by Anbu Das (Balaji Venugopal), the head of the kidnapping ring, and is buried alive inside a coffin. A web camera is attached into the coffin and the live stream is provided to Karthik. Karthik learns that Renuka can breathe for about 6 hours. Renuka speaks to someone and with the help of deaf and dumb teacher Karthik deciphers what Renuka had conveyed. Suddenly, water trickles into the coffin and Karthik concludes that it has to be rainwater. He along with Subramani and his cop friends, travel to Ooty, the only place in Tamil Nadu, where it was raining at the moment.
Anbu had kidnapped Renuka to avenge the death of his brother, who was not the man from his gang but the police officer, who worked as a mole in the police department. Karthik is then hit by a metal rod and also buried in a coffin. Subramani sniffs out Anbu and his henchmen. While Anbu can escape to a tree house, his henchmen get bitten by Subramani, who then saves Karthik by digging a pit. Anbu gets hold of a gun and shoots at Subramani, injuring him fatally, before Karthik manages to outwit Anbu. Before dying, Subramani had marked the place where Renuka is buried and Karthik can save her, while Anbudas has been buried alive in the same manner.
Subramani has got offsprings and Karthik is given one of the puppies. The movie ends with a scene where Karthik and his new dog, who has been named Chinnamani in Subramani's memory, are being entrusted to investigate a new case.