Avasara Police 100

Ramu is a hardened criminal who returns home after completing 14 years imprisonment for murder. Ramu murdered a man in his childhood, when the man tried to molest his mother. Ramu thinks his father is dead, but he soon learns that his mother has kept his existence hidden from Ramu. He learns that his father Prakash was a jeweller who killed his partner and ran away with some precious jewels. She tells Ramu that she never saw Prakash after that and now he is a dreaded gangster in the underworld.
Ramu decides to avenge his father for all his wrongdoings. He singles out Kasinath, a powerful man of Prakash and decides to strike on him. Meanwhile, Veerasaamy, a doppelgänger of Ramu, works as a constable in police force. Veerasamy has a doting mother, a wife and a kid, but isn't taken seriously as he lacks the guts to become anything worthwhile. Ramu spots Veerasamy and decides to use him for his purposes. Ramu starts bumping off the goons while Veerasamy starts getting the credit.
Soon, Veerasamy's fortune changes, while Ramu succeeds in furthering his motives. Sadly, Anitha, the Commissioner's daughter, falls in love with Veerasamy, unaware of his marital status. One day, Ramu manages to sneak into Prakash's lair. He holds Prakash on gunpoint and shows him the photo of his mother. He learns that Sawant is the kingpin and Suraj the pawn, rather than other way around. Suraj tells Kishan that Sawant's men killed Suraj's partner for the jewels. Suraj somehow scooted off with the money and hid it in the basement of a construction site.
Sawant caught Suraj and told him that the latter has been convicted for the former's crimes. Sawant also tells him that his wife has committed suicide and his son would be killed too, if Suraj does not tell the location of the jewels. Suraj does not tell the location, but to save the infant from death, takes the blame on himself. Upon this, Kishan reveals his true identity. Both realize that Sawant passed some other child as Suraj's child. Kishan learns that the place the money was hidden is the police headquarters now.
Kishan decides to retrieve the loot, but both Gopi and Seema realize the truth. Now, Gopi starts hunting for Kishan. Meanwhile, Kishan has infuriated Sawant too by killing some of his goons. Kishan's mother, whom Kishan had left to find his father, comes to find him. She runs into Gopi, mistaking him for Kishan. Gopi tricks her and abducts her. But Gopi is in for a surprise when Kishan's mother and Gopi's mother turn out to be acquaintances.
Gopi's mother reveals that when Kishan's mother was in labour, she delivered twins. Gopi's mother was actually childless, so she took one of the kids. Gopi is in a quandary as he cannot arrest his newfound brother, but decides that he has to do this, one way or another. Meanwhile, Kishan has revealed the truth to Seema, who agrees to help him in retrieving the score. Sawant succeeds in nabbing Kishan. Unable to see his son tortured, Suraj spills the beans.
Now, Gopi enters the den and pretends to be Kishan, claiming that Sawant has actually kidnapped the gullible Gopi. One by one, all the villains are unmasked. Suraj is delighted to meet his wife, while both Gopi and Kishan start bringing Sawant's empire to dust. After killing Sawant's son, which ironically provides poetic justice in this case, all the goons are rounded off. Suraj is finally united with his extended family in the end.