Vettaikkaran

Ravi (Vijay), a youth from Thoothukudi, aspires to become a policeman like his role model, Chennai-based Encounter Specialist DCP Devaraj IPS (Srihari). After completing the twelfth standard on his seventh attempt, he joins a college in Chennai and partly earns a living by driving an auto rickshaw. During the course, he meets an information technology (IT) professional Susheela (Anushka Shetty) and falls in love with her instantly. Although Susheela rejects Ravi's advances at first, Ravi gets help from her grandmother (Sukumari), and succeeds in winning Susheela's heart.
Meanwhile, the entire district is ruled and Devaraj has been relieved from Police duty, without anyone's notice. Don Chella (Ravi Shankar), a local rowdy and a deep womaniser, meets Ravi's friend Uma (Sanchita Padukone) in a public place, where she is taking donations for some cause, and immediately develops an infatuation to her body. When Uma asks Chella to contribute money, he willingly donates, but violates her modesty by placing the money between her breasts. Chella abducts all of Uma's father's vehicles, and blackmails them to send Uma to him for one day in exchange for all vehicles.
Uma's father declines and is about to send her out of town to their village. Ravi learns out what had happened to Uma, and he comes to her defense and heavily beats up Chella, hospitalizing him. His troubles start from there as Chella's father, the most powerful, rich and prime don named Vedanayagam (Salim Ghouse), with the help of his right-hand man, a corrupt police officer ACP (Assistant Commissioner of Police) Kattabomman (Sayaji Shinde), begin to create havoc in Ravi's life. Ravi is soon imprisoned on a false case of drug smuggling and is expelled from his college. Only Susheela and Ravi's friend Valayapathi (Srinath) are willing to help him. Susheela goes to Devaraj and pleads with him to help Ravi, but Devaraj initially refuses to help as his entire family was murdered by Vedanayagam, and he himself was blinded by Vedanayagam because he had taken action against him and his gang. However, with the help of his henchmen, he saves Ravi from being killed in a fake encounter led by Kattabomman.
Ravi then visits Devaraj and knows the truth about him. Without a way into the society, Ravi visits Vedanayagam himself. Vedanayagam gives Ravi a tour of his whole empire and life history. He tells Ravi that his only key was the Fear about him in people's minds. He orders a driver of his illegal spirit factory about to smuggle his illicit liquor to drop Ravi on the way. But Ravi abducts the vehicle en route. Ravi then visits Kattabomman. He blackmails Kattabomman into registering a case against Vedhanayagam for smuggling liquor, as he has kidnapped Kattabomman's second wife. Ravi also takes help from a local rich businessmen and clears some cases against him. Ravi also kills the terrorist whose encounter he was to be killed, by using Kattabomman's gun.
It is at this stage, hat Ravi takes up a new persona called "Police" Ravi to clean up the illegal activities of Vedanayagam and instill hope in the public, something that Devaraj was unable to do. He removes all instincts of fear and ruins all further plans of Vedanayagam. Chella suddenly awakens from his coma, and pressurizes Kattabomman to kill Ravi. When Kattabomman fails to do so, Chella sleeps with Kattabomman's second wife and kicks Kattabomman out, reforming him.Due to the increasing power of Ravi, Vedanayagam kills Ravi's close friend Sugu (Sathyan), when he was alone to pick up his pregnant wife. This prompts Ravi to destroy all of Vedanayagam's properties and he also kills Chella in revenge. Vedanayagam decides soon after to become the Home Minister to prevent Ravi from targeting him and his activities.
Vedanayagam bribes and blackmails the Chief Minister and gets himself to be soon appointed as the Home Minister. Now he bombs his own meeting and blames it all on Ravi. All those who supported Ravi are attacked, and Ravi decides to face the devil alone. Ravi arrives at the Vedanayagam Tea Stall, where Vedanayagam is about to leave for the ceremony and fights his henchmen. As Ravi finally plans to kill the about-to-be minister Vedanayagam, the police arrive to arrest him. However, Ravi sees Devaraj in the crowd and announces Vedanayagam's location to him just as he is being arrested, allowing Devaraj to assassinate Vedanayagam, effectively taking his revenge. In the end, Devaraj is reinstated into the police force as a trainer and offers to make Ravi a police officer, as he can nominate him as his heir. However, Ravi refuses, stating that he has found the police officer within himself and that is all he needs to succeed in life.