Kung Fu Hustle

In Shanghai during the 1930s, Sing and his friend Bone attempt to join the Deadly Axe Gang, which ruthlessly controls the city under the leadership of Brother Sum. Sing seeks to restore his confidence after being humiliated as a young boy while trying to protect a mute girl from bullies, due to the ineffectiveness of the Buddhist Palm moves he had learned from a pamphlet he bought from a beggar, and is convinced that he must be a tough, uncaring gangster to survive. Sing and Bone attempt to intimidate the residents of Pig Sty Alley by claiming to be Axe Gang members, but are chased off by its Landlady and the inhabitants. Hearing of this, Sum orders the capture of Sing and Bone, while sending the Gang to reassert its authority in the wake of the humiliation. Three of the tenants, Coolie, Tailor, and Donut, reveal themselves to be martial arts masters, defeating more than fifty of the Gang. Fearing retribution, the Landlady evicts the three, but they encounter a pair of hired assassins who fight by launching invisible qi blades using a Guzheng. Coolie is beheaded, and Tailor and Donut are mortally wounded before the Landlady and her husband the Landlord reveal that they too are legendary martial arts masters, having gone into self-exile after the death of their son. The two defeat the assassins but Tailor and Donut die from their injuries. The Landlords temporarily evacuate the other tenants for their safety.
Meanwhile, Sing engineers his and Bones escape from confinement, and Sum is impressed, offering them membership in the Gang if they can kill a person. Sing and Bone attempt to kill the Landlady, but their plan backfires, and Sing barely escapes from the Landlady's wrath. Seeking safety in a traffic pulpit, Sing is surprised as his body rapidly heals from the injuries sustained in the escape, the pain causing him to strike the sides of the pulpit with extreme force, covering the surface in indentations. Later, he attempts to mug an ice cream vendor, who turns out to be the mute girl; she offers him a lollipop, but he knocks it away, ashamed of himself and how far he has fallen. After sending Bone away, whom he blames for misfortunes, Sing is brought before Sum and suddenly given membership. Sum wants Sing to use his escape skills to free a legendary fighter, "the Beast," from a mental asylum to use against Pig Sty Alley, offering Sing membership in the Gang for doing so. Upon being released, the Beast appears to be a middle-aged, slovenly, and flippant man, but is quickly shown to be a formidable and ruthless fighter.
When the Landlords arrive at the Axe Gang casino to settle the score, Sum sends the Beast to fight them. Feigning defeat, he stabs both with hidden blades, weakening but not defeating them. Sum orders Sing to strike the Landlord to break the stalemate, but Sing has a change of heart and strikes Sum and the Beast instead. The Beast turns and brutally pummels Sing until he is rescued by the Landlords and taken back to Pig Sty Alley. The Beast kills Sum for disrupting his fight, takes over the Axe Gang, and orders an all-out assault on Pig Sty Alley.
Back at the Alley, Sing undergoes a transformation brought on by the Beast's attack, fully healing himself, accessing his inner powers, and becoming a kung-fu master instantaneously. He sees to the well-being of the Landlords as the Gang arrives. Sing easily defeats the Gang and faces the Beast alone. The Beast uses his Toad style maneuvers to launch Sing high into the air. While aloft, Sing comes to peace with Buddha, and is able to use the Buddhist Palm method from his supposedly-fake childhood pamphlet to subdue the Beast. The Beast accepts defeat and calls Sing his master.
Sometime later, Sing and Bone have opened a candy store; when Sing sees the ice cream vendor outside, he invites her in to share their childhood memories. Others like the Landlords enjoy the city without fear of the Axe Gang. The same beggar that had sold the pamphlet to Sing as a child is then shown attempting to sell another one to a young boy.