Vaastu Shastra

Dinesh Dubey (Zakir Hussain) who is a worker in school comes to a house which has the haunted tree. He dies on the way by undead ghosts. The story then moves around a couple Virag Rao (J. D. Chakravarthy), and Jhilmil Rao (Sushmita Sen) buying a new home in the suburbs of Mumbai (where Dinesh Dubey died). Jhilmil, a gynacologist, works late just like her husband Virag — they're hardly there for their little son. The problem comes when he starts making imaginary friends. At least that's what Jhilmil and Virag think. But their son starts getting obsessed with his "friends" (the undead's):- Manish and Jyothi, Dinesh Dubey (undead), Bad Aunty.
Rukma (Rasika Joshi) joins Jhilmil's house as a new maid. Rukma also comes to know about Manish and Jyothi (where she tells to Rohan while giving milk to him). Later Rukma is hurt by Manish's ball and Rukma misunderstands thinking that Rohan threw the ball purposely. It is also revealed that Rukma is a thief who hides her bad thoughts. She is killed by the ghosts. Jhilmil is worried and tries finding out why all of this is happening. Jhilmil's sister Radhika (Peeya Rai Chowdhary) invites her boyfriend Murli (Purab Kohli) when her sister, her husband,and her son Rohan go to watch an animated movie. Radhika is naked and having sex with Murli when he suddenly vanishes. Radhika thinks that Murli is playing a kinky game of "hide and seek". She unfurls a towel hoping that being naked would cause Murli to forget his game and come to her. However, she sees something else and gets horrified. When Jhilmil comes home, she finds Murli's mutilated dead body in Radhika's bed and finds her sister outside, hanging dead from the tree.
Jhilmil gets a lot of words from a mad man (Rajpal Yadav). It is revealed that Rohan's "imaginary friends" are ghosts who have been telling their son to move out of their house. Virag also dies and becomes undead and tries to kill Jhilmil and Rohan. Inspector Bhupal Gorpade (Sayaji Shinde) who comes to help Jhilmil also dies. Bhupal also becomes undead and chases Jhilmil. Somehow, Jhilmil crashes her car in the banyan tree and comes out. the car explodes burning the banyan tree vanquishing the evil spirits. Then Jhilmil is admitted to the hospital with Rohan. At Jhilmil’s House the Mad Man becomes happy seeing the tree has been burned. He urinates on the tree it turns out the spirits were not put to rest. The ghost grabs his neck effectively killing him. Back at the hospital, the doctor advises Jhilmil to take care. The film closes with Rohan’s eyes turning black similar to Manishe’s eyes indicating that they are not free from the Malevolent entity.