Bhayaanak

The story begins with a beautiful woman (Ranjeeta) being manhandled by some goons outside a local cemetery. The goons are interrupted by a police inspector played by (Mithun). Since Mithun is not in his police uniform, the goons take him for a nerd and try to scare him away from the scene. Mithun beats them up and saves the girl. The girl has no relatives and is new in the town. Mithun and Ranjeeta come along on the same note and begin dating each other. Soon they decide to get married and settle down. It's not very long when Mithun is transferred to another town (Mangalpur?). Promising his newly wed wife a quick reunion at Mangalpur, Mithun leaves for his destination. A few days later, Ranjeeta receives a telegram from Mangalpur. She comes to know that unable to pick her up, Mithun has asked her to come to Mangalpur all by herself. Ranjeeta takes a bold decision of going to Mangalpur. Upon her arrival, she finds that Mangalpur is a desolate town with strange people. She decides to continue her further journey by foot, but ends up at a large wilderness where a strange tonga is waiting for her. Bewildered by the reigning silence of the wilderness, Ranjeeta decides to board the tonga, but goes helpless when the tonga takes her to a creepy grove, where she is murdered. When Mithun comes to know of her arrival and later death, he decides to investigate the matter. Ranjeeta's corpse is devoid of blood and this looks strange to Mithun. With a special permission from his superiors, Mithun begins to look for the clues. His investigation ultimately leads him to the deranged family of Thakur (Nilu Phule), who with his brothers lives a secretive life. They say that those who try to sneak into his Haveli are never seen again. Whenever Thakur or his family members are out on the streets, they are barked at and chased by the street dogs. Something is seriously different about this family that happens to have a plan of exploiting their victims for a common, but highly sinister cause. They are vampires thriving on human blood.