Unakkum Enakkum

Muthupandi (Prabhu) takes care of his only sister Kavitha (Trisha) following their mother’s early death when they were young. He lives in a village and brings up his sister with lot of care and affection. In the meantime, Muthupandi has an aversion towards arrogant rich people in the society as his father, who was rich abandoned his mother following which she died.
Santhosh (Jayam Ravi) is the only of son of a London based business tycoon Krishnan (Bhagyaraj) and Janaki (Geetha). Santhosh comes to Chennai along with his mother Janaki to attend his cousin Lalitha’s (Richa Pallod) wedding. Lalitha is the best friend of Kavitha and she too comes to Chennai a few days before the wedding. Santhosh, a fun loving person develops an attraction immediately after seeing Kavitha. But Kavitha does not reciprocate and she maintains distance with Santhosh.
Slowly Santhosh and Kavitha become good friend and love blossoms between them. Shalini (Tejaswini) is the daughter of Santhosh’s family friend JP (Manivannan) and she too loves Santhosh. Janaki gets furious knowing about Santhosh and Kavitha’s love affair as she thinks Kavitha is poor and is from low societal status. On the day of Lalitha’s wedding, when Santhosh is away, Janaki and JP speak ill of Kavitha and ask her leave the place before Santhosh returns.
When Kavitha is about to leave the place, suddenly Muthupandi arrives and is shocked to see his sister’s condition. He gets angry and scolds everyone there for hurting his sister and he also takes Kavitha with him back to the village. Santhosh is shocked knowing about the events and he leaves to the village immediately with the hope of convincing Kavitha. But Muthupandi does not like Santhosh seeing Janaki’s attitude and thinks that he too will ill treat Kavitha.
Santhosh apologizes to Muthupandi for the mis happenings and requests to get Kavitha married to him. Now Muthupandi comes with a challenge. He allots 1 acre of agricultural land to Santhosh and asks him to do farming there. Muthupandi challenges Santhosh to cultivate more than him using the land allotted. Santhosh accepts the challenge although he does not knowing farming.
Santhosh tries hard to do farming and somehow he manages to learn cultivation. JP and Shalini do not want Santhosh to win the challenge and they rope Mayan (Kalabavan Mani) in the village to distract Santhosh. Also there is local rich man in the village Sivaji (Kadhal Dhandapani) and his son who wants to marry Kavitha at any cost. Cultivation is completed and rice grains are bundled in both Santhosh and Muthupandi’s farms.
One day, Sivaji and his son set fire to Muthupandi’s home with plans of killing Santhosh. But Santhosh gets alerted and he escapes. Also he saves Kavitha’s horse doll which she considers to be precious (as it was made by Muthupandi when they were young). On the day before the counting, Mayan takes a few bundles from Santhosh and places it along with Muthupandi’s so that Santhosh will lose the challenge.
On the other hand, Muthupandi understands Santhosh’s true love towards Kavitha and believes that he is the right match for his sister. At night, Muthupandi visits Santhosh’s land and places a few additional rice grain bundles so that Santhosh can easily win. Santhosh wins the challenge as he has cultivated more compared to Muthupandi following which he agrees for their wedding.
But Sivaji and his son get angry seeing this and they decide to kill Santhosh and marry Kavitha. JP and Mayan also gets angry and they plot to murder Muthupandi. They kidnap Kavitha and beat up Santhosh and Muthupandi. A fight erupts as Mayan and Sivaji’s son is killed by Santhosh and he saves Kavitha while JP and Shivaji is violently defeated by Muthupandi. Knowing this, Shalini dies. When police arrives at the spot, Muthupandi takes the blame of murder and requests Santhosh to marry Kavitha and lead a happy life.
Muthupandi gets jailed for two years and he gets released with the hope of seeing Kavitha and Santhosh leading a happy married life. But he is surprised seeing them in wedding attire in front of the jail when he comes out. Santhosh and Kavitha were waiting to conduct the marriage only after Muthupandi is released. Muthupandi feels proud of them. Janaki realizes her mistake and apologizes to Muthupandi. In the end, Santhosh and Kavitha are married. Muthupandi and Valli (Mallika) develop love for each and other.