The Sweeney

Flying Squad officers Detective Inspector Jack Regan (Ray Winstone) and Detective Constable George Carter (Ben Drew) arrive at the scene of a warehouse robbery; four armed men are attempting to steal gold bars. After Regan and Carter capture the robbers, Regan takes some of the gold bars to give to his informant Harry (Alan Ford). Detective Chief Inspector Ivan Lewis (Steven Mackintosh) from Internal Affairs starts to scrutinise Regan's activities, unaware that Regan is having an affair with his estranged wife, Flying Squad officer Nancy Lewis (Hayley Atwell).
Regan receives information about a planned robbery on a private bank, but he has to cease surveillance when an armed robbery at an insignificant jewellers places £200,000 of jewellery in the hands of a dangerous criminal, and one civilian dead. Regan suspects that his long-time adversary Francis Allen (Paul Anderson) is responsible, but cannot contradict Allen's alibi that he was out of the country. After evidence links violent Serbian criminal Makin Trebolt (Kevin Michaels) to the crime Regan is forced to release Allen.
When the private bank is robbed the Flying Squad arrives in time to confront the heavily armed robbers, against the orders of their boss Detective Chief Inspector Frank Haskins (Damian Lewis). After a long chase and shootout the robbers escape, with Makin deliberately shooting Nancy dead in front of an incapacitated Regan. A grieving Inspector Lewis uses the shootout as justification to suspend the entire Flying Squad. Determined, Regan obtains a fake badge and illegal weapon and interrogates a local thug, who unexpectedly confesses that Allen paid him to fake his alibi. Before he can share this information with Carter, Regan is arrested and jailed.
Working separately, Carter tracks down and interrogates a robber wounded in the shootout, who reveals that Makin is planning to escape via a boat named Pegasus. Shortly after the armed Carter is arrested at gunpoint, only for Haskins to intervene in the hopes of saving Carter's career. Despite this, Haskins is unwilling to hear what Carter discovered until the latter spots the name "Pegasus" in the Flying Squad's notes: the name of Allen's boat.
With a firm connection between Allen and the crimes, Haskins arranges for Regan's release, and Regan and Carter head to the docks to intercept Makin and Allen. Allen and Makin manage to escape via car, the two cops pursuing; the chase eventually leads to a trailer park where both vehicles crash. Carter exits the vehicle and tries to fire on Makin and Allen as they attempt to flee, only to be struck by their vehicle. Makin points his weapon at the wounded Carter, but is fatally shot by Regan. Regan then points the gun point blank at a heavily injured Allen, telling him "you're nicked (arrested)," before lowering the gun.
Some time later, Regan returns to the now reactivated Flying Squad offices, reinstated. He and the rest of the Squad leave on a case, with Inspector Lewis watching Carter and Regan as they go.