Salaam-e-Ishq: A Tribute to Love

Born in Dehra Dun, temperamental and ambitious Kamna changes her name to Kamini Ranawat (Priyanka Chopra), hires Babu (Tinnu Anand) as her manager, and becomes one of the most sought-after heroines in Bollywood. As a publicity stunt to change her image from item queen and to get the attention of filmmaker Karan Johar she says she is in love with a man named Rahul. In London a man saying he is Rahul Khanna (Salman Khan) poses as her childhood sweetheart and future husband. Kamna has to play along or she will not get the film deal she was looking for with Karan Johar. This results in a dilemma for her as Rahul reveals he loved her back when she was Kamna and she has to choose between her career and Rahul.
Gia Bakshi (Ayesha Takia) lives with her dad, Col. Bakshi (Prem Chopra), and is in love with Shiven Dungarpur (Akshaye Khanna). Both are to get married shortly, but Shiven starts to get cold feet thanks to a few misleading words about marriage from his friend Juggy (Vishal Malhotra). He decides to disappear from her life, leaving Col. Bakshi no alternative but to arrange Gia's marriage with Rohit Chhada (Kushal Punjabi).
Gia's sister, Seema (Juhi Chawla), who lives in Britain, has been married to Vinay Malhotra (Anil Kapoor) for 15 years, and they have two children. Vinay sees his life as boring and dull, until a woman named Anjali (Anjana Sukhani) comes into his life. The two start to meet and begin an affair, but while preparing to travel to India for Gia's marriage, Seema finds out about Vinay's affair – leaving her heartbroken.
Ashutosh Raina (John Abraham) is a Hindu but falls in love and gets married to Tehzeeb Hussain (Vidya Balan), who is Muslim, much to the chagrin of his father (Anang Desai) who will not have anything to do with him. Tehzeeb is a TV news reporter; while travelling on an inaugural train route, the train derails. Tehzeeb survives but loses her memory, and is unable to recall who Ashutosh is – and may end up leaving him and returning to her parents' home. Ashutosh takes Tehzeeb to his parent's house where they first met so that Tehzeeb can restore her memories but Ashutosh must deal with his father in order to help her.
Raju (Govinda) is a taxi driver who comes to the assistance of a white woman, Stephanie (Shannon Esra), who is frantically trying to hunt down her lover, Rohit Chhada (Kushal Punjabi). While Raju drives her around all of Northern India searching for Rohit he falls in love with her and finally drops her off to the venue where Rohit is getting ready to marry Gia. However, it turns out that Rohit doesn't want to marry Stephanie because he wants to marry an Indian girl and tells her to get lost. Raju slaps Rohit across the face and confesses his love for Stephanie.
Ramdayal (Sohail Khan) weds attractive Phoolwati (Isha Koppikar) and would like to spend some intimate moments with her, but comical circumstances prevent him from doing so. On the day they get married, Ram accidentally sets the room on fire ruining his and Phoolwati's first night. At a brothel, Ram gets kicked out when 5 kids see him kissing Phoolwati. Ram and Phoolwati hid in the car but they got injured when the car comes crashing into a house.