Pathemari

The film begins with a young Narayanan (Mammootty) and Moideen (Sreenivasan) along with a group of men travelling by Dhow for Dubai to lead a better life. Launchi Velayudhan (Siddique) is responsible for shifting of the young men to the Gulf illegally through the sea route. In Dubai both Narayanan and Moideen work as construction labourers. They reside along with other labourers. They sacrifice their happiness and work very hard to earn money.
Narayanan visits his home regularly and gifts his family and friends with imported items. During one of his visits Narayanan informs his wife that he would not return to Dubai and would settle in Kerala & earn money by starting a business. However Narayanan realises that his family values money more than him and his wife is also conscious of losing her social image of being a "dubai man's wife". Finally Narayanan returns to Dubai.
In the meanwhile, Chandraettan 's daughter is not getting married since she has no money or property in her name. Chandraettan offers Narayanan a land of 8 cents and in turn asks him to transfer his share of the property house to Chandraettan's daughter. Chandraettan is of the opinion that since Narayanan is rich he can build a plush house for himself. Narayan happily obliges for the same. After few months Chandraettan again informs Narayanan that his son in law would like to rent the house to earn extra income. Narayanan is upset since in the same house his wife and children reside. Narayan informs that he would pay monthly rent to Chandraettan's son in law.
Years pass by and Narayanan's children are now young adults. Even his children are only interested in Narayanan's money and not concerned about him.
Finally one day Narayanan passes away and his dead body is flown to Kerala. After the last rituals are performed the family see a TV interview of Narayanan. Narayanan informs that he is the most successful person since because of him, his family is happy and not hungry. He never informed his family of the various hardships faced by him and he never felt tired working hard since he was earning for his family. He is satisfied when the people smile and if he is responsible for their happiness.Narayan's last wish is to be again be reborn as Narayanan again and have the same family and friends & make them happy.