Family — Ties of Blood

Viren Sahai (Amitabh Bachchan), is an underworld don based in Mumbai. His son Abhir (Sushant Singh) is spoilt and believes he can do anything due to his father's power. When Viren's rival Khan (Kader Khan) attacks Abhir, Viren demands revenge. Viren receives foolproof information that Khan will be hidden at a local cinema theatre on an particular date. The plot then moves onto the life of a simple cook, Shekhar Bhatia (Akshay Kumar) who is married to Dr. Kavita (Bhumika Chawla). Shekhar lives with his parents, wife and his younger brother Aryan (Aryeman Ramsay). When Aryan runs away from home, Shekhar searches the whole city to find him. During his search, he witnesses Viren attacking the cinema theatre in which Khan is hidden, and decides to help the innocent people in the cinema.
Whilst helping the innocent, Shekhar finds Khan's nephew fatally wounded and tries to take him to the hospital. Viren witnesses this and mistakenly shoots Shekhar instead of Khan's nephew. Soon enough, Viren brutally murders Khan's nephew and flees the theatre. Wounded Shekhar tries to return home however he is attacked by Viren's car, leading to his death. Aryan returns home and realises Shekhar has been murdered. Together, Aryan and his group of friends form a gang and kidnap Viren's family including Abhir. However, Abhir escapes and reaches to his father. Aryan tries not to do harm to any of his family member as he knows how precious they are, though Viren's wife suddenly dies when Abhir accidentally shoots her which was targeted for Aryan. Viren believes Aryan is responsible for this, Aryan calls Viren to meet him at the same place where Viren killed Shekhar and also the police. But the police decide to help Viren, thus Aryan's plan fails.
Afterwards a changed Viren decides to end it all & surrender to the police. But the police comes out with the intention of killing him on behest of his own son Abhir.But Viren escapes by killing them. Khan enters, As Viren murders Khan, Abhir tries to shoot his father but instead Viren kills Abhir. Aryan leaves the scene, and as Viren demands Aryan to kill him now, Aryan ends the film on a note on karma, and explains his punishment is not death, but life as he has nothing to live for. In the end, Aryan becomes a cook like his late brother and him and his friends start to work in the same canteen Shekhar used to work in.