Bewaqoof

Advocate Rai Bahadur is a respected lawyer who has no children. He has an affair with a prostitute, Meher, who then becomes pregnant with his child. His wife also get pregnant at the same time and both his wife and Meher give birth to baby boys in the same hospital and on the same day. When Rai Bahadur came to know that Meher also gave birth to his son, he went to meet her in hospital, but Meher warns him of dire consequences if he will not give his son his due rights. She blackmails him and he asks her to change her baby with his wife's baby. Helpless, Rai Bahadur asks a nurse to change the babies and offered money. The nurse agreed, but later her conscience does not allow her to do the wrongful. She did not change the babies, but said to Rai Bahadur that she has changed the babies. Now, Rai Bahadur thinks that the boy in his house "Kishore" is from the prostitute Meher and the boy with Meher is from his wife. He starts to dislike his son "Kishore" in his bungalow and starts liking the other one "Pran". He somehow throws "Kishore" with his mother out of the bungalow and brings "Pran" mistaking "Pran" as from his wife. Now "Kishore" is raised in a poor life with both Meher and Mrs Rai Bahadur and "Pran" raised in bungalow. Both become boxers in the same boxing club. Kishore always betters Pran, but is denied his right every time due to Pran's unfair tricks.
Kishore falls in love with Pran's assistant-cum-girlfriend "Mala", who is from a rich family. An LLB student who's the member of the boxing club becomes Kishore's friend and always raises his helping hand to Kishore. Dramatically, Kishore somehow wins Mala from Pran. One day Pran comes to know about the reality from the same nurse and to erase his past identity or stigma to be born from a prostitute, he kills the nurse. He tricks Kishore into the trap and the conviction of murder falls on Kishore. Kishore's friend became a lawyer by then and helps his friend Kishore. He put all his efforts to erase the false allegations against Kishore. In the end, Kishore gets his rights and gets his love, Mala.