Vishudhan

Sunny, a young priest, is put in charge of a church in a rural area. The church runs an old age home which is sponsored by Vavachan. Sunny meets Sister Sophi and discover the motives behind Vavachan's philanthropy, he gets the unclaimed dead bodies for the medical college run by his son. Sunny meets Animol, the daughter of the church grave digger, who aspires to follow in the footsteps of Mother Theresa. Sunny offers to get an admission in a nursing college in Bangalore. Animol witnesses an elderly women smothered to death by Vavachan's son. She confesses to Sophie and Sunny, who advises her to reveal it to the police. But afraid for her life and her father, Animol, refuses and prepares to leave for Bangalore.
Sunny learns many members of the home are not Christians, but accommodated by Vavachan, so he can get their cadavers. Sunny decides to reveal everything to the Bishop. Vavachan begins a smear campaign against Sunny and Sister Sophie that gets the sister thrown out of the church on the charge of having an affair with Sunny. Sunny leaves the priesthood to be her protector. They get married and eventually come back to prove that they have not done anything wrong. They face the ridicule of the village but Pokkiriyachan comes to their rescue. He helps Sunny get a job at a resort playing in a band while Sophie becomes pregnant. Animol becomes a prostitute to get money. Sunny encounters Animol with a stranger and realises her decision. Confronting Animol, she explains that she had no other way.
Her father confesses to Sunny that Animol was caught in a raid and after realising that her father knew, she committed suicide and then he does too. Sunny decides to give the evidence to the Bishop, but is intercepted by the police, who wants to question him on the deaths of Animol and her father. Sophie csays that Animol witnessed the murder committed by Vavachan's son and gives the copy of the evidence to the Inspector who reveals it to Vavachan.
Pokkiriyachan gets Sunny out on bail, Sunny confesses all what he knows to Pokkiriyachan. Sunny finds Sophie shot dead by Vavachan and his son. He hunts down Vavachan's son and kills him by brutally smashing his face. He then kills Vavachan and realises that Vavachan's grandson has witnessed the murder. The grandson prays and he breaks down and embraces the boy