Ramayya Vasthavayya

After the murder, Nandu makes sure that no clues are left at the spot. Police officer Avinash (Rao Ramesh), who is investigating the case, finds that Nandu is behind those killings. When Avinash tries to arrest Nandu, he kidnaps Akarsha (Samantha Ruth Prabhu) at gun point & escapes the arrest. When she asks him why he murdered her father, he reveals his past. Nandu's real name is Ramu who loves a girl named Ammulu (Shruti Haasan) who lives in a village named Adityapuram and later gains her love too. Those unknown killers (Ajay and Bharani) are Ramu's elder brothers. Their families also accept for their marriage. Nagabhushanam(Mukesh Rishi) along with home minister Umapathi (Kota Srinivasa Rao) and his son Bhikshapathi (P. Ravi Shankar) plans to grab a land that was very fertile. Bhikshapathi is a womanizer and lusts over Ammulu when she confronts him. When he misbehaves with her, he is attacked by Ramu which makes them rivals. The trio resort to lot of bloodshed and finally grab the land and share among themselves.
Later, Ammulu and Ramu's marriage is fixed by her parents and Ramu's grandfather Raja Rao Bahadur Ramchandra Naidu (Nagineedu). During the preparations, Nagabhushanam's son (Bharath Raju) and some more goons attack on Ammulu. Nagabhushanam's son kills Ammulu and Ramu loses her, and his near and dear ones and migrates to Hyderabad and changes his name to Nandu. He also tells that he had only killed Akarsha's brother and leaves her safely at her home through his friends. Ramu and his brothers killed Nagabhushanam to lure Bhikshapathi out of hiding. In order to seek revenge, through a girl (Hamsa Nandini), Ramu plans to invite Bhikshapathi to a youth fest as the chief guest. Bhikshapathi lusts at her and accepts to attend. There he sees Ramu and plans to attack him with his henchmen but he escapes. Later he informs Bhikshapathi that he kidnapped Umapathi and challenges him to face him at Adityapuram. When Ramu kills Bhikshapathi after a brief duel he also reminds Ammulu's death and Umapathi dies because of heart attack. The film ends with Nandu starting a trust in the name of his mother in the village and Akarsha teaching the children there.