Shaun of the Dead

Shaun is an electronics salesman with no direction in his life. His colleagues disrespect him, he is estranged from his stepfather Philip, and his girlfriend Liz breaks up with him, unhappy spending every date at his pub, the Winchester. He drowns his sorrows with his housemate and best friend Ed at the Winchester. At home, their housemate Pete, complaining of a bite wound from a drunk, berates Shaun to get his life together.
By morning, a zombie apocalypse has overwhelmed London, but the hungover Shaun is slow to notice. He and Ed encounter two zombies in their garden and kill them with blows to the head. They form a plan to rescue Shaun's mother, Barbara, and Liz, then wait out the crisis in the Winchester. They escape in Pete's car, and pick up Barbara and Philip, who has been bitten, then Liz and her friends Dianne and David. Philip makes peace with Shaun, dies from his bites, and reanimates as a zombie.
The group abandon the vehicle and continue on foot. The streets surrounding the Winchester are overrun, so the group pretend to be zombies to sneak past them. Ed answers his phone, attracting the zombies' attention; while Shaun leads them away, the rest take refuge inside the Winchester, where Shaun rejoins them.
Shaun discovers the Winchester rifle above the bar is functional and the group attempts to use it to defend themselves. Barbara reveals she has been bitten and dies after giving Liz and Shaun her blessing. Shaun, distraught, is forced to shoot her after she reanimates. In the ensuing commotion, David is disembowelled by the zombies and Dianne rushes out to rescue him - disappearing into the advancing horde. Pete, zombified, bites Ed, but Shaun shoots Pete and sets fire to the bar. The fire spreads, setting off the rifle ammunition while Shaun, Liz and Ed flee into the cellar and contemplate suicide. Discovering a barrel hatch elevator that opens to the outside, Shaun and Liz escape as the wounded Ed volunteers to stay behind with the rifle. The British Army arrives and guns down the remaining zombies.
Six months after the outbreak, civilisation has returned to normal, with zombies used as cheap labour and entertainment. Liz has moved in with Shaun, and Shaun keeps the zombified Ed tethered in the garden shed so they can play video games together.