16

The story takes place in a remote village where various characters appear Bullebbai (Rajendra Prasad) is a lottery ticket agent in the village and he is the only guy who knows how to claim a lottery, Paala Pullaiah (Tanikella Bharani), the local dairy farmer, Pilli Pentaiah (Kondavalasa) a fake political leader, Chanti (LB Sriram) the barber, Varadaraju (MS Narayana) belongs to a former royal dynasty who has taken loan from Pullaiah to repay it he keeps his son Kittu (Richard Rishi) as his assistant and Kittu falls in love Bhagyalakshmi (Farjana) daughter of Pullaiah; most of the villagers' possessions are mortgaged to the local rich women Ranikasula Renuka Rani (Kiran Rathod) who behaves as dictator to the village. Renuka Rani's brother Aphis (Venu Madhav) is big vagabond who also loves Bhagyalakshmi and she forcibly engaged with him.
One day Bullebbai realizes that one of the tickets has won the top prize of 1 crore rupees. He devises a plan to obtain the winning ticket and present it to the commission as his own. He hosts a dinner and invites all the villagers who play the lottery, but the man he is looking for does not turn up. By elimination, he deduces that the winner is Yesudas Gotham (Ali), the town drunk, and reasons that he didn't turn up because he knew that he had won the top prize. Hoping to at least extract his commission, he goes to Yesudas's house, and finds him dead, the winning ticket clutched in his hand and a happy expression on his face.
Bullebbai attempts to pry the ticket from Yesudas's fingers and he succeeds in freeing it. At this point, Paala Pullaiah enters the house, Bullebbai lured him for sharing the lottery winnings between them. Eventually, Kittu also observes everything, he keeps a condition that they should make Bhagyalakshmi's marriage with him and they agree. Bullebbai orders Kittu to throw Yesudas's body into the river but the hard time of following they makes a lot of mistakes few villagers sees while taking the body, so hidden the body in Yesudas house. Next day, when Bullebbai telephone's to lottery office he comes to know that before dying Yesudas managed to call the lottery commission and give his name and address, as well as to his brother Joshua Gotham (Brahmanandam), ex-wife Parvathi (Abhinayasri) and several people to whom he owed money to tell them of his good fortune. The secret soon becomes impossible to keep so Bullebbai makes all of them as his partner's total gang of 20 members. After some time lottery inspector (K. Naga Babu) arrives at the village to interview Yesudas. The rest of the story is all about how Bullebbai manages to grab the lottery prize.