Veetla Visheshanga

Gopal, a widower and father of a child, admits a woman in the hospital who had lost her memory. Since he admitted her in the hospital, the doctor asks him to take care of her until she recovers from amnesia. The doctor names her Ganga which is the name of Gopal's wife and makes her believe that she is married to Gopal and has a child. Due to the circumstances, Gopal has to accept the situation and takes her to his house. Ganga insists that she does not remember any incident about her life with Gopal. To make her believe doctor lies to her that she has a birth mark in the part of the body only known to her husband. He also places photograph of hers with the wedding photo of Gopal. Ganga yet resists that she cannot remind anything but believes that Gopal is her husband and she is a mother of his child.
She starts to live with Gopal as his wife which troubles him a lot as he knows that she is not his wife. She also showers affection on the child and gets attached to it. But she comes to know at a situation that whatever is told to her is not true and she is neither married to Gopal nor a mother of a child. Gopal tells her to leave the house but she says she cannot leave him or his child and wants to be with them forever. Gopal is convinced by everybody and finally agrees to marry her. But Ganga has an unknown fear that something might stop their marriage. On the day of marriage Ganga sees someone as groom which confuses everyone. The groom sings a song which reminds Ganga's memory. She is actually not Ganga but Gowri and her lover is the groom named Ganesh. When both were about to marry they were stopped by some goons because of which Gowri fell from the mountain but survived with injuries. Gopal who found the truth brought Ganesh to unite them. Gopal insists Gowri to marry Ganesh as both of them are lovers to which Gowri unwillingly accepts. But while Ganesh tries to tie the Mangal Sutra, Gowri stops him and she goes to Gopal saying that he may not need her but she needs him and the child. Ganesh finds that motherly affection has won his love and leaves Gowri to Gopal. Both Gopal and Gowri finally marry.