Jathi Malli

The story begins with Kushboo a Ghazal Singer who visits a hill station to forget the murder of her mother who was very close to her. She meets Mukesh who is a taxi driver. He shares his own pain regarding his father murdering his mother and siblings in a drunken rage. Horrified by this story, Kushboo starts thinking less of her own loss. A situation arises that Kushboo starts living in house as a paying guest and their relationship remains aloof in spite of mutual admiration.
They also run into two lovers Vineeth and Yuvarani who call themseleves Moscow and Berlin. They are from two different religions, Hinduism and Islam. It is not revealed as to who is Muslim and who is Hindu. And they inform that they eloped as they wanted to defy their parents concept of marriage. The pesky lovers try to bring Kushboo and Mukesh together. They also move into the house of Mukesh but are closer to Kushboo who comes out of her depression regarding her mother's death.
Kushboo later finds that Mukesh's story regarding his families fate is entirely fabricated and he hails from a very affluent family. He confesses that he lied to make her understand that some people have huger tragedies than what she saw in her life. He could not live with his family as they were having too many properties and inheritance fights and so, he decided to forfeit his inheritance entirely and lead a simple life as a taxi driver.
Later a rich North Indian man pays a lot of attention to Kushboo and shows that he constantly listens to her music. Mukesh gets jealous of their constant chit chat in Hindi and regarding Ghazals and Kushboo leaves the house after a fight. She finds that her patron almost keeps her in house arrest and expects her to be his mistress. Kushboo wants to go back to Mukesh. The younger couple, Moscow and Berlin, try to help the older couple to get together.
When caught by the rioters, Moscow and Berlin ask the rioters to find their religion from their blood. The city is in strict curfew and they are injured in gunfire. They bring the older couple together before dying in each other's arms.