Una

A young woman, Una (Mara), arrives unexpectedly at an older man's workplace looking for the truth behind the affair that occurred between them. The interactions were instigated by Ray (Mendelsohn) when she was a 13-year-old child and he was a next-door neighbor and trusted friend of her father.
The facts came to light on the eve of their planned elopement. Convinced by a misunderstanding that Ray had abandoned her, she wandered the streets distraught and bewildered, to be returned home by police, seemingly betrayed. He served four years in jail for his crime, treated as the lowest form of humanity by fellow-inmates. Then changing his name to "Pete", he rose to management level in a large warehouse. She grew up lonely and confused, living with her mother in the same house they lived in before the incident, and in her adulthood, now takes solace in going out for one-night stands and returning home before dawn.
She finds where he works through a newspaper photograph and confronts him just as he is due to address the workers regarding retrenchments. Unnerved, he leaves the meeting, and hides from his fellow staff members, but she finds him. They quarrel: he insists that he had been genuinely in love, was not by nature a paedophile, and had not been "grooming" her. They find they are still sexually attracted, but he has to prepare for a dinner party being held that night, and leaves her for his home. She leaves with employee Scott (Ahmed), a young single man, and invites herself to his place, where she seduces him. She then persuades Scott to escort her to Ray's luxury country residence, where the party is under way. Ray has no choice but to introduce Scott as a co-worker; Una ignores Ray, however he is clearly troubled by fears of being unmasked. The wife and Una talk briefly; she drops a hint that their marriage is not entirely happy. Una wanders upstairs, where she finds the bedroom of a teenage girl who is obviously loved; she enters and is laying on the bed when the girl enters and loudly demands an explanation. The daughter, Ray's wife's from an earlier marriage, is about 13 years old. Ray denies Una's unspoken accusation. He insists Una is the only one of that age he has ever desired, that she was "the only one" as he kisses her face, all while his wife, step-daughter and Scott look on from a distance. Una then walks off into the dark, and it is clear that Ray's cozy life is about to implode.