The Return of the Musketeers

The film begins with the final scene of the novel The Vicomte of Bragelonne. The musketeers, Aramis and Porthos, are killed in the fight against the royal guardsmen. After sensing their deaths, Athos commits suicide by poisoning himself in his own estate. d'Artagnan, the commander of the royal troops in the war with the Netherlands, eventually has become a Marshal of France as was predicted by Athos at the Siege of La Rochelle, but dies from a cannonball wound, barely getting the cherished baton. The friends, which had hitherto been invincible and inseparable, suddenly die in one day.
At this point, a total muddle reigns inside France. In the Parliament, fierce debates rage over stealing from the treasury, behind which stands Cardinal Mazarin, who secretly left France with the royal treasure. Nevertheless, the Parliament and the people have found Queen Anne of Austria, a lover of Mazarin, guilty. As the Queen's honor defenders are dead, she felt an urgent need to find new ones. Those are the Musketeers' children—a royal maid of honor, Jacqueline the daughter of d'Artagnan, Raul the son of Athos, Henry the son of Aramis, and Angelica the daughter of Porthos. The captain of the Royal Guards, Leon, stands against the formed quartet, until he reveals his father is Porthos.
After Cardinal Mazarin has been killed in England, his treasure passes to the Society of Jesus along with the Templar Ring, which granting immortality in accordance with the legends. When the young heroes try to take back the wealth belonging to France and the Queen, they are taken prisoner, while Raul dies in an unequal skirmish. The souls of their fathers excitedly and powerlessly observe the adventures of their children, until a sincere prayer of d'Artagnan returns them to earth giving a chance to save the descendants and honor of the Queen. The sworn enemy of d'Artagnan, the guardsman de Jussac, revives along with them, and also seeks the treasure.
As a result, the children are back together with the parents, the treacherous Jesuits are defeated and honor of the Queen has been retained. After receiving the Templar Ring, the Musketeers refuse to use it, because they want to stay together in the Otherworld.