Rangi Taranga

Gautam (Nirup Bhandari), a novelist leads a reclusive life in Ooty. Gautam's latest novel is titled RangiTaranga, a word which might hold the key to his past. Indu, Gautam's wife,is a soft natured girl. She paints the cover pages of all of Gautam's novels. Sandhya, a self-proclaimed journalist, is in search of an anonymous writer who goes by the pen name "ANASHKU". She finds out about the writer from a publisher and sets on a journey to find him.
Pregnant Indu finds herself in trouble when she repetitively gets nightmares. She then convinces Gautam to visit her ancestral home in the village of Kamarottu in order to perform some rituals to solve her problems. Upon their arrival in Kamarottu, Gautam befriends the post master, Kalinga (Saikumar), and the elderly school head master, Shankar (Ananth Velu). During their stay in the village, Indu experiences strange occurrences in the house including an incident where Indu is almost pulled into a well while she is fetching a bucket of water. This provokes Gautam to investigate and he learns from Kalinga that the well contains a Brahmarakshasa (devil) and also that the Kamarottu home was haunted by a ghost (Guddada Bhoota). Gautam's investigation also irks the powerful men in the village and on one occasion, one of the henchmen of a powerful politician attacks Goutham leaving him injured. Meanwhile, Sandhya's trail leads her to Kamarottu. Indu goes missing one night and later police declare that she was indeed killed 6 years ago in an accident. Confused Gowtham starts searching for her and discovers an illegal sand mafia led by the corrupt politician Mahabala Hegde along with the local police which leads him to conclude that their attack on him was merely to cover up their illegal activity.
Sandhya meets Gautham during the investigation of his wife's disappearance and helps him in discovering a diary titled "Harini" . Through this diary, Gautham discovers that the woman who he believed to be his wife Indu, was actually Harini, a yoga instructor from Bangalore, and that he himself is not Gautham. Indu and her husband Gautham were in reality Harini's friends. Harini, in an impulsive action fueled by fear, killed a man who got abusive and threatening after she spurned his physical advances. Horrified by the realization that she has killed and terrified by the prospect of legal repercussions, she confides in Indu and Gautham, who decide to take her to Kamarottu and create an alibi for Harini. A flashback reveals to the viewer that Gautham was actually Siddarth, an aspiring writer/singer who was in love with Sandhya. Telling her that he'll be back soon, Siddarth leaves for a bike trip with his college pals. Under a thick blanket of fog, Siddharth and his friend on a motorbike collide with the car carrying Indu, Gautham and Harini, near the Kamarottu junction. The accident leaves Harini, and Siddharth, who's lost his memory, as the sole survivors of the accident. Harini, reluctant to go back to her previous life assumes the identity of her dead friend Indu, and informs authorities, and Siddharth, that he is her husband Gautham. Siddharth, with nothing else to go on, accepts this as the truth.
Siddarth and Sandhya infiltrate the police station and search the records where they get to know about a missing persons case where a lady goes missing on the same day (7 July) every year . When they check with their families they get to know that the missing lady is pregnant similar to Harini and that the guddada bhoota is responsible for the abductions. After getting info from the head master and the local doctor they conclude that Kalinga is the guddada bhoota and is responsible for the abductions. Kalinga's wife had an extramarital relationship with the local doctor and when she gets caught she does not reveal doctor's identity and Kalinga thinks that Angara a mentally ill guy from the village as the other guy and kills him. He tortures his wife for eleven days in an abandoned house and later kills her. After this incident he is mentally tormented and does the killing every year on the same day. Siddarth is able to track Kalinga and he saves Harini after overpowering Kalinga. Later Harini gives birth and Sandhya wishes him luck and tells him that he's probably better off not trying to rake up his past. She leaves without revealing her relationship with Siddharth, or his true identity, nursing a broken heart.