Yeidhavan

The film begins with Krishna narrating the audience that he wants to kill 2 people and one of them (Sarathy) is right in front of him and he starts following him on his bike. Sarathy goes in to a dark place and he is blocked by two guys. Sarathy takes out his gun and tries to shoot them. Krishna who has been watching this, pounces on Sarathy and saves the two guys (Sagaa and Dharmaa). Dharmaa kills Sarathy and thanks Krishna and they become friends.
Flashback reveals Krishna's story. He has a family and his sister wants to become a Doctor. Despite getting good marks in +2, she is unable to secure a seat in Govt. Medical College. So Krishna decides to admit her in a private college and he somehow manages to find a seat with help from some middlemen and pays around 60 lakh for that. Soon he comes to know that the college has been denied NCA approval and the students who got admitted there are now helpless. When Krishna enquires in the college, he gets a reply that he paid the Capitation to middlemen and should contact them further. Sarathy happens to be the middleman and he attacks Krishna when he asks for the money. So Krishna files a police complaint with the help of his fiancée Satna, who is a Sub Inspector.
Meanwhile, a youngster is robbed off his money and car by a group of thieves at night and he is Gaurav, who is the rich son of Gupta, an Industrialist and the owner of the medical college. The thief ties Gaurav almost naked to a pole and takes away his BMW. Gaurav is rescued in the morning by an on goer and Gaurav vows to take revenge against the thief.
The affected students now start their protests and suddenly, Krishna's sister is killed in what appears to be an accident. Krishna vows to take revenge against the killers, whom he believes to be the owner of the college, Gaurav. But he controls his anger. He decides to help the students and plans to get his revenge slowly.
Meanwhile, Gaurav's BMW is found and the thief is revealed to be Dharmaa. Gaurav's men track Dharmaa and they capture him and take him to Gaurav, who wants him killed. But Dharmaa attacks the driver and he slams the car on to Krishna's sister, thus killing her. Dharmaa escapes and vows to take revenge against Gaurav. Hearing this story from Dharmaa, Krishna too reveals to Dharmaa that his second target is Gaurav and they both decide to help each other and kill Gaurav. But Krishna silently plots his revenge against Dharmaa too, who happened to kill his sister in the accident.
Krishna threatens Karnaa (Gaurav's assistant) and gets important details regarding the capitation fee and uses this as a bait against Gaurav. Gaurav is searching for the guy who is the reason behind this and he is unable to find. Krishna and Dharmaa plan to lure Gaurav into a trap and kill him. They plan that Dharmaa will inform Gaurav about Krishna and his plans and will make him come to a place with cash, in exchange for Krishna. But Gaurav asks Dharmaa to kill Krishna and take the money. Dharmaa backstabs Krishna and attacks him. Gaurav uses this to Kill Saga with a gun and hurts Dharmaa. Krishna manages to fight off Gaurav and gains control. When he is about to kill him, the students come in and request Krishna not to kill Gaurav, as they all wanted to become doctors and they do not want to kill someone to get back their money. Krishna insults Gaurav that he is worse than Dharmaa, who will do anything for money. But even after being so rich Gaurav is doing dirty things to get more money, which makes him nothing more than a dirty drainage. Gaurav is touched by this and he feels guilty. As Krishna and the students leave the place a gunshot is heard and the film ends, making one believe that Gaurav has shot himself.